
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4334570000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  79342                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34196432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   153806                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              343875069                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000094                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1938721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004335                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4334570000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000094                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1938721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      211666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            19                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156151                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           213                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1367761                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4334559                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4334559                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1244205                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              594035                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       185365                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  17368                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         17368                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                26550                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               14782                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21920                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1920215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1920215                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3783721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1557749                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      211564                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        367715                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156151                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7156      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1528200     78.82%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    10892      0.56%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     11193      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1076      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.01%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2474      0.13%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    9966      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   209134     10.79%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  155999      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2430      0.13%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1938826                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   142                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5713                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          429                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6142                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          603                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3918                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4521                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    289417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    289417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.423989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.423989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62187.396352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64297.600817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64016.146870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62187.396352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64297.600817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64016.146870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          726                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              726                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60187.396352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62297.600817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62016.146870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60187.396352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62297.600817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62016.146870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1619                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    289417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.423989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62187.396352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64297.600817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64016.146870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.095472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.901311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60187.396352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62297.600817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62016.146870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2063.406445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.161211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    58.884690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   327.455607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1677.066148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.079945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.409440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.503761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.797852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            19427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           19427                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1338687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1338687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1338687                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1338687                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29074                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29074                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    499258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    499258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    499258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    499258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1367761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1367761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17171.974960                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17171.974960                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17171.974960                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17171.974960                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    441112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    441112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15172.043750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15172.043750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15172.043750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15172.043750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28856                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1338687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1338687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    499258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    499258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1367761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1367761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17171.974960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17171.974960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441112000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441112000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15172.043750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15172.043750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               215.376880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  664175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.016877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.376880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.841316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.841316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1396834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1396834                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       335808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       335808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  335808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           24496250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           38592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          250752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              289344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        38592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          38592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        46464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            46464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 726                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8903305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57849337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               66752642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8903305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8903305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10719402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10719402                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10719402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8903305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57849337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              77472045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       705.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       603.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3904.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001799426500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            40                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            40                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10830                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 651                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4521                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         726                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4521                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       726                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      53966500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                138472750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11973.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30723.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      1760                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      497                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  39.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4521                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   726                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     113.148690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     93.090343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    110.421178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1741     59.24%     59.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          968     32.94%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          155      5.27%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           23      0.78%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      0.44%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.41%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.17%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.31%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      112.600000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      72.013528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     231.276480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              19     47.50%     47.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            13     32.50%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7     17.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      2.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             40                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.225000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.199165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.946993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14     35.00%     35.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      7.50%     42.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23     57.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             40                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  288448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    44096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   289344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 46464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      66.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4327714000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      824797.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        38592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       249856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        44096                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8903305.287491030991                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57642626.604253709316                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10173096.754695389420                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          603                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3918                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          726                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     17372750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    121100000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  83708498750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28810.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30908.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 115300962.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     43.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10845660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5764605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17278800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2343780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      341739840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1085313630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         750526560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2213812875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         510.734139                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1938967750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    144560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2251042250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10138800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5388900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14901180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1252800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      341739840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1039617300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         789007680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2202046500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.019596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2039267000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    144560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2150743000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           361173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               361173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          361173                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              361173                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6539                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6539                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    359672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    359672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       367712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           367712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       367712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          367712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55004.129072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55004.129072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55004.129072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55004.129072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5095                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5095                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53004.129072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53004.129072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53004.129072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53004.129072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6283                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          209880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              209880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       211665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          211665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37010.084034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37010.084034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35010.084034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35010.084034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         151293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             151293                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4754                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    293609000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    293609000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030465                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61760.412284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61760.412284                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4754                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284101000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    284101000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030465                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030465                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59760.412284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59760.412284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.237443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  355612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.599077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.237443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.965771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.965771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                374251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               374251                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           22757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          22757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6317                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    418994000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    418994000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.299441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.299441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18743.232547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69149.528410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39290.510128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18743.232547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69149.528410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39290.510128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3877                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3877                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    397668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    397668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16743.549153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67149.528410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37290.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16743.549153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67149.528410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37290.697674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13193                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          22757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118401000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    418994000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.299441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18743.232547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69149.528410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39290.510128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397668000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16743.549153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67149.528410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37290.697674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5095                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5095                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5095                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5095                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              495.236979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.924126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   193.579290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    56.032602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   245.625087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.378085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.109439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.479736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.967260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                54413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               54413                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35613                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35612                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5095                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   76320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       744576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1860672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2605248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             61088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            32695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4334570000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8631283000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89840                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34196964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   174107                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              387680850                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000168                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3876291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008631                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8631283000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            477393                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3876291                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      312178                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2736281                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8631269                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8631269                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2488193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1187547                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370487                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  34189                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         34189                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52221                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               29239                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43519                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3839712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3839712                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7568404                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3115669                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      423240                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        735418                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     312178                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14272      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3055241     78.82%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    21942      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     22533      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2157      0.06%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      140      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4838      0.12%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19897      0.51%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   418446     10.79%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  312026      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4794      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3876452                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   143                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11308                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          791                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12099                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          686                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7641                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8327                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    548158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    548158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        20426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        20426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.906191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.407667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.906191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.407667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63536.443149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66034.812197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65828.990032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63536.443149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66034.812197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65828.990032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3475                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3475                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    531504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    531504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.906191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.906191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61536.443149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64034.812197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63828.990032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61536.443149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64034.812197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63828.990032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5246                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    548158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        20426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.906191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.407667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63536.443149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66034.812197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65828.990032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42214000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.906191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61536.443149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64034.812197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63828.990032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2954.947018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              14936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.847122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   157.988545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   212.629461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2584.329013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.051911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.630940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.721423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993896                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            37916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           37916                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2678339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2678339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2678339                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2678339                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          57942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              57942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         57942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             57942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    962529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    962529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2736281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2736281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16611.939526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16611.939526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16611.939526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16611.939526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         57942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    846647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    846647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14611.974043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14611.974043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14611.974043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14611.974043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      57724                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2678339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2678339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         57942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             57942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    962529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2736281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2736281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16611.939526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16611.939526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    846647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    846647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14611.974043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14611.974043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.184880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1363220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 57724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.616174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.184880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.844472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.844472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2794222                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2794222                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       755328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       755328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  755328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           43904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          489024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              532928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        43904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          43904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       222400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           222400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5086613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56657162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61743776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5086613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5086613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25766737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25766737                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25766737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5086613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56657162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              87510513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3448.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       686.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7627.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001799426500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           199                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           199                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22196                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3221                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8327                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8327                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3475                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     27                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     113994250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                269863000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13712.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32462.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2722                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2079                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  32.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 60.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8327                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3475                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     108.342527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     89.186365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    106.462278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4457     64.36%     64.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1996     28.82%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          277      4.00%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           55      0.79%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      0.71%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      0.59%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      0.22%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.30%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.688442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      28.164488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     109.099035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             176     88.44%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            15      7.54%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      3.52%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.175879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.148578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.966207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                74     37.19%     37.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                20     10.05%     47.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               101     50.75%     97.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      2.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  532032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   218752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   532928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                222400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8629419000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      731182.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        43904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       488128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       218752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5086613.426995731890                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56553353.655534178019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25344088.474448122084                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          686                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7641                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3475                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20674750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    249188250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 186908989000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30138.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32611.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  53786759.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     40.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24968580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13252140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29609580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9103680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      681021120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2164454160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1491714720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4414123980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.409947                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3853729250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    288080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4489473750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24511620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13028235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             29745240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8738280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      681021120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2113731570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1534428480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4405204545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.376562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3965092000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    288080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4378111000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722658                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722658                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         12802                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             12802                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    715270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    715270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    715270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    715270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       735460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           735460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       735460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          735460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55871.738791                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55871.738791                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55871.738791                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55871.738791                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10249                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10249                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    689666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    689666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    689666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    689666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53871.738791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53871.738791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53871.738791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53871.738791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      12546                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          420009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              420009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    129840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       423442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          423442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37821.147684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37821.147684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    122974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35821.147684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35821.147684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         302649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             302649                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9369                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585430000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    585430000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       312018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         312018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030027                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030027                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62485.857616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62485.857616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566692000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566692000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60485.857616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60485.857616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.599505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  716869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 12546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.139248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.599505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                748262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               748262                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45947                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             20427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11995                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            20427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    797042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    797042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.288745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.288745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16518.215923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71027.751423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39019.043423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16518.215923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71027.751423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39019.043423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8173                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    756190000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    756190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14518.382659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69027.751423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37019.141333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14518.382659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69027.751423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37019.141333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26109                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            20427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    198136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    797042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.288745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16518.215923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71027.751423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39019.043423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    756190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.207017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14518.382659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69027.751423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37019.141333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10249                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10249                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.581728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.987935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   212.317909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    44.870413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.393406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.414683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               107614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              107614                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       115883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  151736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1475264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3708224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5183488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           289705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            121989000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            64010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8631283000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11499937000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90641                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34197748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175649                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              391041002                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2665591                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5165563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011500                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11499937000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            636048                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2665591                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5165563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      564540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            49                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      416010                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           399                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3646763                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            71                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11499937                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               11499936.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3315193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1582245                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       493551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  45397                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         45397                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                69343                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               38873                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57927                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5116921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5116921                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10086806                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4152284                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      564270                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        980280                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     416010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 19002      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4071179     78.81%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    29285      0.57%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30058      0.58%     80.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2875      0.06%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      150      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6420      0.12%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   26497      0.51%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   557902     10.80%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  415858      8.05%     99.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                6368      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                152      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5165760                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   151                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           16046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15034                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1012                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          16046                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          807                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10164                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10971                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    675593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    726978000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    675593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    726978000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        27017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        27017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.406078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.406078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63674.101611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66469.205037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66263.604047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63674.101611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66469.205037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66263.604047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6100                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6100                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    705036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    705036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61674.101611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64469.205037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64263.604047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61674.101611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64469.205037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64263.604047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8317                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          16046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    675593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    726978000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        27017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.406078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63674.101611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66469.205037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66263.604047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     49771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    705036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.909449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61674.101611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64469.205037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64263.604047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3238.468200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              38225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.079433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   196.376296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   169.468241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2872.623663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.047943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.041374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.701324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.790642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            50638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           50638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3569547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3569547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3569547                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3569547                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77216                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77216                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1275684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1275684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1275684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1275684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3646763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3646763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3646763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3646763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16520.980108                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16520.980108                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16520.980108                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16520.980108                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1121252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1121252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1121252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1121252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14520.980108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14520.980108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14520.980108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14520.980108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      76993                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3569547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3569547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1275684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1275684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3646763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3646763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16520.980108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16520.980108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1121252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1121252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14520.980108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14520.980108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.389216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3646763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 77216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 47.228074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.389216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.845270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.845270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.871094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3723979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3723979                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1092544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1092544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1092544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            41471000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           59673250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           51648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          650496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              702144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        51648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          51648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       390400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           390400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4491155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56565179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61056334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4491155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4491155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        33948012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              33948012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        33948012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4491155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56565179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              95004347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6065.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       807.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001799426500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           352                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           352                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                30740                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5697                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6100                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6100                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     154790000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    54785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                360233750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14127.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32877.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3482                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3441                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  31.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10971                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6100                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     107.874814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     88.619906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    105.481432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6603     65.60%     65.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2757     27.39%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          407      4.04%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           88      0.87%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           85      0.84%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           58      0.58%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.25%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.27%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           15      0.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.099432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      22.665129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      82.852072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             329     93.47%     93.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            15      4.26%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      1.99%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.161932                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.132635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.001096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               140     39.77%     39.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                27      7.67%     47.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               173     49.15%     96.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                12      3.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  701248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   386624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   702144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                390400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         33.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      33.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11499906000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      673651.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        51648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       649600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       386624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4491155.038501515053                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56487265.973717942834                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 33619662.438150748610                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          807                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10164                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6100                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24426500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    335807250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 255915710500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30268.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33038.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  41953395.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     40.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              38006220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20178015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             40640880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            17163360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      907208640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2939970510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1940211360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5903378985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.340115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5011156500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    383760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6105020500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              33929280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18018660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             37592100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14370660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      907208640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2789397600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2067009600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5867526540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.222494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5342157750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    383760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5774019250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           963250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               963250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          963250                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              963250                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17103                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17103                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    956807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    956807000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    956807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    956807000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       980353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           980353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       980353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          980353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55943.811027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55943.811027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55943.811027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55943.811027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13828                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13828                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    922601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    922601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    922601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    922601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53943.811027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53943.811027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53943.811027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53943.811027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16847                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          559963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              559963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       564539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          564539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38698.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38698.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36698.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36698.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         403287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             403287                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12527                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12527                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    779721000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    779721000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       415814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         415814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62243.234613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62243.234613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    754667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030126                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030126                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60243.234613                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60243.234613                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.697207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  980353                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.320529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.697207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                997456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               997456                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           61375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               67302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          61375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              67302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             27017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            27017                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1056257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1056257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           94319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          94319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.286443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.286443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16141.910233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71631.442377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39096.013621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16141.910233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71631.442377                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39096.013621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11208                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11208                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14141.910233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69631.442377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37096.013621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14141.910233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69631.442377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37096.013621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     34822                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          61375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              67302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            27017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255704000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    800553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1056257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          94319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.286443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16141.910233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71631.442377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39096.013621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.205152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.653453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14141.910233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69631.442377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37096.013621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13828                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13828                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13828                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13828                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.681662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 108147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.060706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   214.772968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    42.025227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.883467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.419478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.082081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.486101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               143481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              143481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                94319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               94319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13828                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  202466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4941824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6921408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           386080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            163459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            85515000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11499937000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
