
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18546674000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  45712                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34308916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82399                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              847797040                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018547                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18546674000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200578                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200140                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      248991                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98855                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250622                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18546663                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18546663                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002472                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199906                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         494                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851490                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851490                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404563                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1402133                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200137                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449126                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     248989                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1402328     75.72%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200089     10.80%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248805     13.43%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1852000                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    58                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             51                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        198308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       198308                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12244423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12269002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12244423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12269002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       197903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       198359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       197903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       198359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61873.957138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61868.416806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61873.957138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61868.416806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       189506                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           189506                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       198308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       198308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11848637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11872386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11848637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11872386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59873.957138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59868.416806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59873.957138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59868.416806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                189535                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             51                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       198308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12244423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12269002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       197903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       198359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61873.957138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61868.416806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11848637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11872386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59873.957138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59868.416806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8574.411768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             379044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           189535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   390.078948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8184.332820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.062442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.065418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.066933                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           594359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          594359                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250162                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250162                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.642048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.642048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251082                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       189506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       586122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       586122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 586122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24820096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24820096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24820096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1145838000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1048391500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12665152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12691712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12128384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12128384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           197893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        189506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              189506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1432063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          682879960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              684312023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1432063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1432063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       653938491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             653938491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       653938491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1432063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         682879960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1338250513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    189506.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    197893.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11843                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11843                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               578585                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              178101                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198308                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      189506                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198308                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    189506                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1949711500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   991540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5667986500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9831.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28581.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171510                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   165568                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198308                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                189506                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        50703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     489.360235                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    474.335627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     82.684181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           608      1.20%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1426      2.81%      4.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1163      2.29%      6.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1252      2.47%      8.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        46240     91.20%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         50703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.744659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.008532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      81.037956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          11842     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11843    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12691712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12127232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12691712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12128384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        684.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        653.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     684.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     653.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18546630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47823.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12665152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12127232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1432062.697602815460                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 682879960.040274620056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 653876376.971957325935                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       197893                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       189506                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10746000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5657240500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 443470402000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25893.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28587.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2340139.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             180834780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              96089400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            707516880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           494584560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1463457840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7598162130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         723470880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11264116470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         607.338894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1817864750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    619060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16109749250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             181291740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              96328485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            708402240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           494542800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1463457840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7605969420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         716896320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11266888845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         607.488375                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1800943000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    619060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16126671000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201771                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201771                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         197935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             197935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        197935                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            197935                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15609261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15609261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15609261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15609261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78860.540076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78860.540076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78860.540076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78860.540076                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197755                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197755                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        197935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       197935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15213393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15213393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15213393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15213393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76860.550181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76860.550181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76860.550181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76860.550181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197793                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62491.525424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.525424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60491.525424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.525424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197817                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197817                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15601887000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15601887000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78870.304372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78870.304372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15206255000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15206255000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76870.314483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76870.314483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.807282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.807282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597640                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597640                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        197904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14421376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14451053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14421376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14451053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72870.563506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72852.656786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72870.563506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72852.656786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197692                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14025570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14054335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14025570000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14054335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70870.573611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70852.666868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70870.573611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70852.666868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198029                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14421376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14451053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       197935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72870.563506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72852.656786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14025570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14054335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70870.573611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70852.666868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197755                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197755                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.343304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 395699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198029                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.962138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.572244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.808923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               594573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              594573                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198395                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198394                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197755                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       593624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  594544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25324096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25353536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1187170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           989670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18546674000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37155849000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  49587                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34312456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    89320                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              921211027                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037156                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37155849000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400577                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400136                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      498965                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198826                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500646                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37155838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37155838                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002505                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598608                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399894                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701504                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804653                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2802174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400133                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899096                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     498963                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802381     75.70%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400085     10.81%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498779     13.47%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3702023                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    59                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             51                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        398248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       398248                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24554480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24579059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24554480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24579059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       397843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       398299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       397843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       398299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61720.571194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61717.972218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61720.571194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61717.972218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       389446                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           389446                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       398248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       398248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23758814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23782563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23758814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23782563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59720.571194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59717.972218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59720.571194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59717.972218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                389475                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             51                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       398248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24554480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24579059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       397843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       398299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59226.506024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61720.571194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61717.972218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23758814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23782563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.910088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57226.506024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59720.571194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59717.972218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8673.872910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             778924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           389475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   390.039408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8283.833502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.063201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.066176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.066933                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1194179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1194179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500186                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500186                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70632.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70632.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68632.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68632.608696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.821325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.821325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501106                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       389446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1185942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1185942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1185942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50412416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50412416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50412416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2345478000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2106207250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           26560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25461312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25487872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          26560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     24924544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         24924544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           397833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        389446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              389446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             714827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          685257172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              685971999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        714827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            714827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       670810779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             670810779                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       670810779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            714827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         685257172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1356782777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    389446.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    397833.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000016659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24338                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24338                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1170428                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              365850                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398248                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      389446                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    389446                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3854757750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1991240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11321907750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9679.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28429.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344329                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   338787                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                389446                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       104531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     482.186069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    464.466254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     91.763596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1448      1.39%      1.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4243      4.06%      5.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3889      3.72%      9.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2557      2.45%     11.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        92380     88.38%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        104531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.362602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.004386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      56.529730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          24337    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24336     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25487872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 24922496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25487872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              24924544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        685.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        670.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     685.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     670.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37155805000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47170.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        26560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25461312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     24922496                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 714826.890377340140                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 685257171.757803201675                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 670755659.492533802986                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       397833                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       389446                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     10746000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11311161750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 906333078000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25893.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28431.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2327236.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             373007880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             198231825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421316960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1016365320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2932447440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15366836340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1327352640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22635558405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         609.205792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3324134750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1240460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32591254250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             373450560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             198463320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1422173760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1016375760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2932447440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15387497130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1309954080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22640362050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         609.335075                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3279094750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1240460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32636294250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         397875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             397875                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        397875                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            397875                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31318298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31318298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31318298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31318298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78713.912661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78713.912661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78713.912661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78713.912661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397695                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397695                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        397875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       397875                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30522550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30522550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30522550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30522550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76713.917688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76713.917688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76713.917688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76713.917688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397733                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62663.865546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62663.865546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60663.865546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60663.865546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1799                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31310841000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31310841000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399555                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995497                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995497                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78718.714488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78718.714488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30515331000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30515331000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76718.719516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76718.719516                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.903803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.903803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197565                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        397844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28930773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28960450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28930773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28960450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72718.887303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72710.143108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72718.887303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72710.143108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28135087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28163852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28135087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28163852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70718.892330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70710.148130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70718.892330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70710.148130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    397971                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28930773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28960450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       397875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65081.140351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72718.887303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72710.143108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28135087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28163852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.140351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70718.892330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70710.148130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.672205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               397971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.981178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.786482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.904545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194395                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397695                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50916416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50945856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2386810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1989370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37155849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49861652000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  51914                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34321316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    91619                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              862802720                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000092                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5294710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049862                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49861652000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000092                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5294710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      580877                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688213                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3786993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49861641                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49861641                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2910806                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2387075                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       563043                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1167                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5422941                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5422941                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10110416                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4174175                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      580860                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269051                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688191                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1425      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4140877     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13040      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580802     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  687961     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5424775                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          242                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            342                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        521856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       521856                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32113651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32162074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32113651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32162074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       522198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       522198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59052.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61634.226810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61630.170009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59052.439024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61634.226810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61630.170009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       512085                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           512085                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31071579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31118362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31071579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31118362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57052.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.226810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59630.170009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57052.439024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.226810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59630.170009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                512114                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       521856                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32113651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32162074000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       522198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59052.439024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61634.226810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61630.170009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31071579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31118362000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.772128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57052.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.226810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59630.170009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8722.720025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1024202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           512114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   399.920129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8322.799897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.063498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.066549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.074326                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1564588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1564588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3785922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3785922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3785922                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3785922                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1071                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3786993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3786993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3786993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3786993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62665.732960                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62665.732960                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62665.732960                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62665.732960                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60667.600373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60667.600373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60667.600373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60667.600373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        816                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3785922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3785922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1071                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3786993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3786993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62665.732960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62665.732960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60667.600373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60667.600373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.783160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3276575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4015.410539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.783160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3788063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3788063                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              521856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             521856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       512085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1555797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1555797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1555797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3082281000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2760475500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           52480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33346304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33398784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        52480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          52480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32773440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32773440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               521856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        512085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              512085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1052512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          668776558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              669829070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1052512                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1052512                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       657287488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             657287488                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       657287488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1052512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         668776558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1327116558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    512085.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       820.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521036.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000267326500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32003                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32003                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1535781                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              480980                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       521856                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      512085                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     521856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    512085                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5004830500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2609280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14789630500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9590.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28340.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    450972                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   444619                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 521856                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                512085                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   521856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       138321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     478.382661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    458.702908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     97.090992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2230      1.61%      1.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6407      4.63%      6.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6029      4.36%     10.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3379      2.44%     13.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120224     86.92%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           25      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        138321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.300784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.008318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      49.357705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          32002    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.026218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32000     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33398784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32771584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33398784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32773440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        669.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        657.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     669.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     657.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49844009000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       48207.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        52480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33346304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32771584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1052512.259321050951                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 668776557.984881877899                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 657250265.193780541420                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          820                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521036                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       512085                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21100000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14768530500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1191631642000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25731.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28344.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2327019.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             493531080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             262317990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1863697080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1336455720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3935539920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20339078010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2019229920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30249849720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         606.675642                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5081847250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1664780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43115024750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             494080860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             262610205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1862354760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1336476600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3935539920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20235552330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2106409440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30233024115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         606.338196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5308937000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1664780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42887935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617025                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617025                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522000                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522000                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40971130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40971130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40986178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40986178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1138821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1138821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78518.236733                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78518.236733                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78517.582375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78517.582375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521085                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521085                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39927522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39927522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39942178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39942178000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76518.236733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76518.236733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76517.582375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76517.582375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521744                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31389.597645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31389.597645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     29948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29389.597645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29389.597645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37366                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520785                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520785                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40939144000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40939144000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.933054                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78610.451530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78610.451530                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39897574000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39897574000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.933054                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.933054                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76610.451530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76610.451530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               143.936446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076674                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.936446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.562252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.562252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661025                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            864                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37846347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37906936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37846347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37906936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.118532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72622.783688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72590.977769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.118532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72622.783688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72590.977769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36804075000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36862540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36804075000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36862540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70622.783688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70590.981599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70622.783688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70590.981599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    521999                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37846347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37906936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56998.118532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72622.783688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72590.977769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36804075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36862540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        55000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70622.783688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70590.981599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521085                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521085                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521085                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521085                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.483489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               521999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.337779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.761815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.383895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523070                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521085                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565085                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66757440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66825920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49861652000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53071421000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  67242                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34321448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   114477                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              892081236                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000342                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6810428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53071421000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711941                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000342                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6810428                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      727833                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762659                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5132009                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53071410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53071410                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3674987                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3200699                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672826                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3653                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6935957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6935957                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13208272                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5510650                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727709                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490252                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762543                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4121      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5399877     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45864      0.66%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727651     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762313     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6940496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          674                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1395                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522414                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32145815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32196028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32145815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32196028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       523809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       523809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59283.353011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.145885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.336120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59283.353011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.145885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.336120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       512122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           512122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31102681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31151200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31102681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31151200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57283.353011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.145885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.336120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57283.353011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.145885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.336120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                512151                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32145815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32196028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       523809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59283.353011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.145885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.336120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31102681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31151200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57283.353011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.145885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.336120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8801.482650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1024276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           512151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   424.747257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8376.735393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.063909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.067150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9623                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.078300                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1567349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1567349                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130428                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130428                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5132009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5132009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5132009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5132009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49684.376977                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49684.376977                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49684.376977                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49684.376977                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47684.376977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47684.376977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47684.376977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47684.376977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5132009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5132009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49684.376977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49684.376977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47684.376977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47684.376977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.009582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3577893                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2698.260181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.009582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.859412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.859412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5133590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5133590                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       512122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1556950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1556950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1556950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66210304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66210304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66210304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3083024000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2763456750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33380288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33434496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32775808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32775808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        512122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              512122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1021416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          628969177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              629990593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1021416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1021416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       617579243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             617579243                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       617579243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1021416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         628969177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1247569836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    512122.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       847.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521567.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005190408500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32005                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32005                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1537760                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              481014                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522414                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      512122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522414                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    512122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5009716750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2612070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14804979250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9589.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28339.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451319                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   444642                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522414                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                512122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       138545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.883605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    457.533725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     98.404464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2409      1.74%      1.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6418      4.63%      6.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6037      4.36%     10.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3384      2.44%     13.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120224     86.78%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           41      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        138545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.314857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.011032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      49.388313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          32004    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32005                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.030614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32000     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32005                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33434496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32773888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33434496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32775808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        629.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        617.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     629.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     617.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53063720000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       51292.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33380288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32773888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1021416.027281425195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 628969177.214983582497                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 617543065.221487045288                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          847                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521567                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       512122                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     21989750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14782989500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1245202198500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25961.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28343.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2431456.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             494780580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             262982115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1864946580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1336565340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4189386240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20682807960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2962324320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         31793793135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         599.075595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7529725000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1772160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43769536000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             494430720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             262796160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865089380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1336554900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4189386240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20307433320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3278429280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31734120000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         597.951202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8355199250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1772160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42944061750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836126                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836126                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41041133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41041133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41056181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41056181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78307.529832                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78307.529832                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78306.957112                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78306.957112                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522434                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522434                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39992931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39992931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40007587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40007587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76307.533648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76307.533648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76306.960927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76306.960927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524041                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          724888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              724888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2738                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24684.075968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24684.075968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22684.806428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22684.806428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111230                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40973548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40973548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632594                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.824168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78589.139258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78589.139258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39930820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39930820000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824168                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824168                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76589.139258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76589.139258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               150.714070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.522110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.714070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.588727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1884721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1884721                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37891814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37960717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37891814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37960717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43943.239796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72556.044899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72470.393845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43943.239796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72556.044899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72470.393845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36847332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36913099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36847332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36913099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41943.239796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70556.048728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70470.397663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41943.239796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70556.048728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70470.397663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524056                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37891814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37960717000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43943.239796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72556.044899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72470.393845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     65767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36847332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36913099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41943.239796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70556.048728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70470.397663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522434                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522434                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522434                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522434                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              402.991693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.434702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.110691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   126.446300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.476779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.246965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.787093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572881                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66990784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67091968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53071421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                56263091000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  81676                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34321448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   135755                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              918435087                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5003415                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8316322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.056263                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56263091000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            847044                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5003415                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8316322                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      879445                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829748                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6479876                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         56263080                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   56263080                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4421914                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3999076                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777621                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4942                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8439450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8439450                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16301574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6849396                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      879277                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708853                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829576                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6649440     78.73%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81203      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   879219     10.41%     90.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829346      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8446392                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1658                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2711                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521823                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522671                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32161823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32212102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32161823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32212102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       525382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       525382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.994840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.994840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59291.273585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.586484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.786233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59291.273585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.586484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.786233                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       512138                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           512138                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31118177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31166760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31118177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31166760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57291.273585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.586484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.786233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57291.273585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.586484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.786233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                512167                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32161823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32212102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       525382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.994840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59291.273585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.586484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.786233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31118177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31166760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.446081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57291.273585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.586484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.786233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8893.553056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1024308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           512167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   447.309795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8446.243262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.067852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9898                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.080139                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1570074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1570074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6477962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6477962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6477962                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6477962                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6479876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6479876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44380.355277                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44380.355277                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44380.355277                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44380.355277                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42380.355277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42380.355277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42380.355277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42380.355277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6477962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6477962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6479876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6479876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44380.355277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44380.355277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     81116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42380.355277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42380.355277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.994504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3874698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2335.562387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.994504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.867166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.867166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6481790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6481790                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522671                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522671                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       512138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1557480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1557480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1557480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66227776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66227776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66227776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3083361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2764837500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33396672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33450944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32776832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32776832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        512138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              512138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             964611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          593580470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              594545081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        964611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            964611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       582563656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             582563656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       582563656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            964611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         593580470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1177108737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    512138.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       848.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521823.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.010104860500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32006                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32006                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1539107                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              481029                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522671                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      512138                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522671                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    512138                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5012395250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2613355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14812476500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9589.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28339.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451446                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   444654                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522671                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                512138                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32006                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       138679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.547833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    456.766806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     99.200933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2527      1.82%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6423      4.63%      6.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6038      4.35%     10.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3385      2.44%     13.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120225     86.69%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           48      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        138679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.323658                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      49.412634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          32005    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.030614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32001     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33450944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32774912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33450944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32776832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        594.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        582.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     594.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     582.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    56220761000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       54329.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33396672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32774912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 964611.062694724649                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 593580470.010081768036                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 582529530.771780729294                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          848                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521823                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       512138                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22022250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14790454250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1293251032500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25969.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28343.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2525200.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             495701640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             263471670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1866331740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1336648860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4440774000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20944881420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3967232160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33315041490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         592.129599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10139266000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1878500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44245325000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             494466420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             262815135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865539200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1336554900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4440774000.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20358080670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4461380160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33219610485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         590.433442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11430107000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1878500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42954484000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1052388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1052388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1052396                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1052396                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41098057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41098057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41113105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41113105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1579123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1579123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78054.391859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78054.391859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78053.915975                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78053.915975                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40044997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40044997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40059653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40059653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76054.395658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76054.395658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76053.919772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76053.919772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526470                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       879238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21552.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21552.391304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19552.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19552.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40998916000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40998916000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699681                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.745956                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.745956                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78552.368033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78552.368033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39955056000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39955056000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.745956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745956                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76552.371865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76552.371865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               156.686688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.795675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   156.686688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.612057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105849                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37923430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37996726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37923430000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37996726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38556.549185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72444.573070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72321.955602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38556.549185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72444.573070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72321.955602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36876468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36945962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36876468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36945962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36556.549185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70444.576891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70321.959409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36556.549185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70444.576891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70321.959409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37923430000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37996726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38556.549185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72444.573070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72321.955602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36876468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36945962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36556.549185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70444.576891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70321.959409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              409.175472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1050325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.686279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.471500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.017693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.454046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.273472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.799171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  56263091000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59523200000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95344                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34321448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   156240                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              945846787                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000084                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9832334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059523                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59523200000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            979654                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000084                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9832334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1045297                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      899721                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7825351                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         59523199                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   59523199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5173224                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4802026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       881052                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        6097                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9949854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9949854                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19435390                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8196647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1045076                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1944537                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     899461                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12060      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7890008     79.20%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   115420      1.16%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1045018     10.49%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  899231      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9962407                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3087                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4813                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522397                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523246                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32196971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32247316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32196971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32247316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       528059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59299.175501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.146821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.359804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59299.175501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.146821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.359804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       512174                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           512174                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31152177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31200824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31152177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31200824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57299.175501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.146821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.359804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57299.175501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.146821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.359804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                512203                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32196971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32247316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.990885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59299.175501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61633.146821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61629.359804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31152177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31200824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.329709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57299.175501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59633.146821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59629.359804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523102                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523102                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523102                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523102                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8995.594784                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1024380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           512203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   467.937389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8527.657395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.065061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.068631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11043                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9638                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.084251                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1574407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1574407                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7822736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7822736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7822736                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7822736                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7825351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7825351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7825351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7825351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37566.730402                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37566.730402                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37566.730402                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37566.730402                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35566.730402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35566.730402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35566.730402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35566.730402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       2360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7822736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7822736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7825351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7825351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37566.730402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37566.730402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35566.730402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35566.730402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               223.802228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4608198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               1952.626271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   223.802228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.874227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.874227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7827966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7827966                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       512174                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1558666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1558666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1558666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66266880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66266880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66266880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3084116000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2767892250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33433408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33487744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32779136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32779136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        512174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              512174                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             912854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          561687006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              562599860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        912854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            912854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       550695124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             550695124                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       550695124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            912854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         561687006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1113294984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    512174.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522397.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.010878658500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32008                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32008                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1541130                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              481062                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523246                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      512174                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    512174                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5017673250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2616230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14828535750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9589.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28339.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451866                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   444683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523246                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                512174                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       138839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     477.278229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    456.072068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    100.098294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2638      1.90%      1.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6430      4.63%      6.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6045      4.35%     10.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3391      2.44%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120227     86.59%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           65      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        138839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.339228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.015305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      49.450351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          32007    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.033065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32001     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33487744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32777152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33487744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32779136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        562.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        550.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     562.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     550.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    59521284000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       57485.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33433408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32777152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 912854.147626471706                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 561687006.074942231178                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 550661792.376753926277                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522397                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       512174                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22054750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14806481000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1428737870000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25977.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28343.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2789555.64                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             496080060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             263672805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1868802180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1336742820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4698308160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21052476330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5128507680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34844590035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         585.395107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13157019250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1987440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44378740750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             495237540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             263221200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1867174260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1336643640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4698308160.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20592120960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5516175360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34768881120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         584.123184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14169775250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1987440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43365984750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1284985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1284985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1284993                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1284993                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         529754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             529754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        529950                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            529950                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41188440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41188440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41203488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41203488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1814739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1814739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1814943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1814943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.291917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.291993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77750.125530                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77750.125530                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77749.765072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77749.765072                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          525276                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                525276                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        529754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40128932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40128932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40143588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40143588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75750.125530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75750.125530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75749.765072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75749.765072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     529694                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1038265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1038265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1045090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1045090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21178.168498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21178.168498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19178.168498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19178.168498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         246720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             246720                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       522929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           522929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41043899000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41043899000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       769649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         769649                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.679438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78488.473579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78488.473579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39998041000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39998041000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76488.473579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76488.473579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               162.126117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1798139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                529694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.394675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.126117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.633305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.633305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2344893                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2344893                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        525484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            528059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           528059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37983469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38065591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37983469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38065591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       529950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          532565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       529950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         532565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.991539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.991539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31892.038835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72282.826880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72085.867299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31892.038835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72282.826880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72085.867299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523103                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523103                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36932501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37009473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36932501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37009473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29892.038835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70282.826880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70085.867299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29892.038835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70282.826880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70085.867299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    529857                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           528059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37983469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38065591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       529950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.991539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31892.038835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72282.826880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72085.867299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     76972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36932501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37009473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29892.038835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70282.826880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70085.867299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       525276                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       525276                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       525276                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       525276                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              414.807212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1056657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               529857                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.449611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.027903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.329698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.082909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.433648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.810170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1588210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1588210                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               532565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              532565                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        525276                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1585176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1590406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67534464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       167360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67701824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            13075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3158945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2649750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59523200000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                62770316000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108257                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34321448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175495                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              970756872                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11347729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.062770                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62770316000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1110725                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11347729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1207424                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      979984                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260168                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9172015                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         62770316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   62770316                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5935660                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5610763                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       986385                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        8409                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11462263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11462263                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22575826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9532778                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1207103                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186700                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     979597                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14977      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9127447     79.52%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   148299      1.29%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1207045     10.52%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  979367      8.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11477805                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3885                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6405                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522744                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523593                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32219106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32269451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32219106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32269451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       529998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.987915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.987915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59299.175501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61634.578302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61630.791474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59299.175501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61634.578302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61630.791474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       512195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           512195                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31173618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31222265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31173618000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31222265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57299.175501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.578302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59630.791474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57299.175501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.578302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59630.791474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                512224                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32219106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32269451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.987915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59299.175501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61634.578302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61630.791474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31173618000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31222265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.252004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.992623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.987915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57299.175501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59634.578302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59630.791474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9109.234552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1053924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           523593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.012869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   486.356550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  8622.878002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.065787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.069498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.086739                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1577517                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1577517                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9168601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9168601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9168601                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9168601                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9172015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9172015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33218.512009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33218.512009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33218.512009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33218.512009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106580000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106580000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31218.512009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31218.512009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31218.512009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31218.512009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3159                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9168601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9168601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9172015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33218.512009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33218.512009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31218.512009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31218.512009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               225.416093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9172015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2686.589045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   225.416093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.880532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.880532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9175429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9175429                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       512195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1559381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1559381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1559381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66290432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66290432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66290432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3084568000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2769760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33455616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33509952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32780480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32780480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        512195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              512195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             865632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          532984667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              533850300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        865632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            865632                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       522229010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             522229010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       522229010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            865632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         532984667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1056079310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    512195.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522744.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.012663330500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32010                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32010                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1542679                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              481096                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523593                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      512195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523593                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    512195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5021718250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2617965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14839087000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9590.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28340.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452021                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   444711                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523593                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                512195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     476.765017                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    454.958970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    101.184334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2798      2.01%      2.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6455      4.64%      6.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6050      4.35%     11.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3392      2.44%     13.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       120229     86.47%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           71      0.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139040                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.356232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.018198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      49.495578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          32009    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.036647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32001     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 6      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33509952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32779456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33509952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32780480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        533.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        522.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     533.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     522.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    62760950000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60592.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33455616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32779456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 865632.092723573209                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 532984667.466067850590                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 522212696.842246234417                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522744                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       512195                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22054750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14817032250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1529291499000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25977.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28344.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2985760.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             496165740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             263718345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1869716100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1336826340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4954613040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21107720730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6328878720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36357639015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         579.217078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16277130500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2095860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44397325500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             496579860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             263938455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1868737920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1336748040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4954613040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20995214700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6423620640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36339452655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         578.927349                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16524557250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2095860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44149898750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1525260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1525260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1525268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1525268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41246164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41246164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41261212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41261212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2057125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2057125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2057329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2057329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.258548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77550.062516                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77550.062516                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77549.777187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77549.777187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40182434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40182434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40197090000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40197090000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75550.062516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75550.062516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75549.777187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75549.777187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     531805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1198900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1198900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1207217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1207217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20403.871588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20403.871588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18403.871588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18403.871588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         326360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             326360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41076465000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41076465000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       849908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         849908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.616005                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78457.877788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78457.877788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40029369000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40029369000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76457.877788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76457.877788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15048000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74775.510204                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               166.982224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2057329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                532061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.866716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   166.982224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.652274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.652274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2589390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2589390                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        526629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            529998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           529998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92444000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38019795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38112239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92444000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38019795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38112239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          535475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         535475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.989772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27439.596319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72194.647465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71910.156265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27439.596319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72194.647465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71910.156265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36966537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37052243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36966537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37052243000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25439.596319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70194.647465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69910.156265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25439.596319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70194.647465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69910.156265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    532318                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           529998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92444000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38019795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38112239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         535475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27439.596319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72194.647465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71910.156265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36966537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37052243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25439.596319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70194.647465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69910.156265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              419.835006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1061802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               532830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.238775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   212.289330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   160.306901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.092263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.414628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.313099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.819990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1594632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1594632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        526327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1590449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1597277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67736832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       218496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            17070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3167110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2660305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  62770316000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
