
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3874976000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  84406                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   159637                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              327050417                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003875                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3874976000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      245397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1298739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3874965                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3874965                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1102429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              577236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       175136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   7373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          7373                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                11135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       47413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1884136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1884136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3636587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1503064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      245357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        388279                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2746      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1495081     79.04%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       33      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     128      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1860      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      270      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1290      0.07%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1614      0.09%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  34      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   243786     12.89%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142442      7.53%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1571      0.08%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                480      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            7685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4673                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3012                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           7685                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1598                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1514                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3112                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    187550000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    187550000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.254824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.288228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.254824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.288228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60190.863579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60346.763540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60266.709512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60190.863579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60346.763540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60266.709512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           13                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               13                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    181326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    181326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.254824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.254824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58190.863579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58346.763540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58266.709512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58190.863579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58346.763540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58266.709512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    69                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           7685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187550000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.254824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.288228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60190.863579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60346.763540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60266.709512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.254824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58190.863579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58346.763540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58266.709512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1779.999758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               69                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.565217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.078370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1088.379875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   690.541512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.033215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.021074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.054321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.093109                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            17386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           17386                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    265123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    265123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27072.704993                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27072.704993                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27072.704993                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27072.704993                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25072.704993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25072.704993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25072.704993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25072.704993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9538                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    265123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27072.704993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27072.704993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    245537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25072.704993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25072.704993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.101840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1101115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.445062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.101840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.969148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.969148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1308532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1308532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3112                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6237                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       200000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       200000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  200000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3177000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16595250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          102272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           96896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              199168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       102272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         102272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1598                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26392938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           25005574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               51398512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26392938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26392938                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          214711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                214711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          214711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26392938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          25005574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              51613223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        13.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1598.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1513.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7229                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3112                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      25497500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    15555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 83828750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8195.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26945.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2212                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    13                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     221.472747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    148.410007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    236.508272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           351     39.04%     39.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          273     30.37%     69.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          126     14.02%     83.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      5.34%     88.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      3.78%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      1.78%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.67%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.22%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           43      4.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  199104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   199168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         51.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      51.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3825108000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1224034.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       102272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        96832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26392937.659484859556                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24989057.996746301651                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1598                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1514                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           13                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     42917250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     40911500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26856.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27022.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2241960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1191630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              8746500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      305476080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         390870660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1158836640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1867363470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.903235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3008894500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    129220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    736861500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4176900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2220075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13466040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      305476080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         640252500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         948830880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1914422475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.047570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2460739000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    129220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1285017000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    248166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25950.643104                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25950.643104                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25851.523489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25851.523489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23950.852243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23950.852243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23851.727301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23851.727301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9556                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159550000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159550000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22950.230150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22950.230150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20950.517837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20950.517837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88616000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88616000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33939.486787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33939.486787                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     83394000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83394000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31939.486787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31939.486787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5515000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5515000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        22060                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22060                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5015000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5015000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        20060                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20060                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               237.321225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  381224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.893679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.321225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.927036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.927036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                398119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               398119                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    321687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    321687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27828.416520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32510.492600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29791.350250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27828.416520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32510.492600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29791.350250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    161970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    161970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25828.416520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30510.934394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27791.535470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25828.416520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30510.934394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27791.535470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27828.416520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32510.492600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29791.350250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    161970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    300093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25828.416520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30510.934394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27791.535470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              494.085325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  22559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.663888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.439282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   266.423581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   149.222462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.520359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.965010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   43925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1556416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            48965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            49060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3874976000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7563017000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101802                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34255420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175251                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              384913616                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007563                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7563017000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            382111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      319526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2597892                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7563006                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7563006                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1852858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1171713                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       281928                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  33358                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         33358                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                58285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               27033                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57029                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3413162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3413162                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7007588                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2716839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      448639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        768151                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     319512                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8006      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2637186     76.59%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5270      0.15%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     462      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     5582      0.16%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.02%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4702      0.14%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7659      0.22%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 737      0.02%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1884      0.05%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 180      0.01%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2745      0.08%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                179      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   443926     12.89%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  317958      9.23%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4713      0.14%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1554      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3443453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6537                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7879                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14416                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1778                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1931                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    221734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    221734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.213830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.196840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.204634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.213830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.196840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.204634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60026.434196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59558.259969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59782.690752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60026.434196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59558.259969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59782.690752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           34                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               34                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.213830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.196840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.213830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.196840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58026.434196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57558.259969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57782.690752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58026.434196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57558.259969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57782.690752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   249                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.213830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.196840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.204634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60026.434196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59558.259969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59782.690752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.213830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.196840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58026.434196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57558.259969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57782.690752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2436.144113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.879518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.302417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1337.034971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1095.806725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.040803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.033441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.074345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2945                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.105957                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            34475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           34475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    345346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    345346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24850.399367                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24850.399367                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24850.399367                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24850.399367                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    317552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    317552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22850.399367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22850.399367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22850.399367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22850.399367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13641                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    345346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    345346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24850.399367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24850.399367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    317552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22850.399367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22850.399367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.939290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2317765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.911663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.939290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2611789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2611789                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           34                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       239552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       239552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  239552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19756250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          113792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          123584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              237376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       113792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         113792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            34                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  34                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15045847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16340569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31386416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15045847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15045847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          287716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                287716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          287716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15045847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16340569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31674132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        33.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1778.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1922.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.010105224500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9376                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  17                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3709                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          34                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3709                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        34                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        9.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      28840750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 98215750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7794.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26544.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2690                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       14                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 42.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3709                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    34                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     234.771964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    154.056842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    251.393760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           389     38.40%     38.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          297     29.32%     67.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          140     13.82%     81.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      5.23%     86.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           44      4.34%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      2.07%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.89%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.20%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           58      5.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            3346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    3346.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  236800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     1152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   237376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         31.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7562177000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2020351.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       113792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       123008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         1152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15045847.444214392453                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16264408.767030406743                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 152320.165352001728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1778                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1931                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           34                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     47457500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     50758250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  45453680500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26691.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26285.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1336872955.88                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2506140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1332045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9974580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               46980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      596815440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         488345220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2492960640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3591981045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         474.940232                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6476322500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    252460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    834234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4733820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2512290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16443420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               46980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      596815440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         783411420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2244483840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3648447210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.406321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5827588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    252460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1482968750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    511391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    531413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20504.029510                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20504.029510                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20931.660627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20931.660627                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    461509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    480639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18504.029510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18504.029510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18931.739404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18931.739404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360634000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18900.162465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18900.162465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16900.162465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16900.162465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150757000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    150757000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25726.450512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25726.450512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139037000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139037000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23726.450512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23726.450512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20022000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20022000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44791.946309                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44791.946309                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19130000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19130000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42796.420582                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42796.420582                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.429771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  756063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.084875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.429771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                793576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               793576                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    449941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    449941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.461397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25407.817198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24327.285700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24822.961492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25407.817198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24327.285700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24822.961492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219055000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413691000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219055000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    413691000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23407.817198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22327.489553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22823.071831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23407.817198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22327.489553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22823.071831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     29344                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    211266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25407.817198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24327.285700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24822.961492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413691000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23407.817198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22327.489553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22823.071831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.821264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                29344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.733438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.547457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.224535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   171.049272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.239351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.408642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.334081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16889                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   95458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2705664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7563017000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11904188000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107180                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34275004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   190347                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              425293153                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011904                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11904188000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            571740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      652226                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      459533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3982733                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11904177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11904177                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2769514                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1764629                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       422909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276565                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276565                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               508184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238546                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88313                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5116288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5116288                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10136760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4060192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      652058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1111575                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     459517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 11422      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4010505     75.27%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17688      0.33%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12161      0.23%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      484      0.01%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    18674      0.35%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.01%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6294      0.12%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24924      0.47%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    141      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               33653      0.63%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 372      0.01%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24481      0.46%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3131      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              49569      0.93%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2094      0.04%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   614629     11.54%     90.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  441620      8.29%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               37429      0.70%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17897      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5327955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16345                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12008                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28353                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2687                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7780                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    462600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    462600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.141183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.297819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.141183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.297819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59829.549684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59265.266051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59460.154242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59829.549684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59265.266051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59460.154242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          135                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              135                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    447040000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    447040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.141183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.297819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.141183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.297819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57829.549684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57265.266051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57460.154242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57829.549684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57265.266051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57460.154242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   595                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160762000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    462600000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.141183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.297819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.215316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59829.549684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59265.266051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59460.154242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    155388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    447040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.141183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.297819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57829.549684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57265.266051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57460.154242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3693.323320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.253782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.724698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1497.289239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2190.309382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.112711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5609                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.219757                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            61915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           61915                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    749932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    749932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21737.789501                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21737.789501                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21737.789501                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21737.789501                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    680936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    680936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19737.847474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19737.847474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19737.847474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19737.847474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      34242                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    749932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21737.789501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21737.789501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    680936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19737.847474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19737.847474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.420133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3944468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 34242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.193855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.420133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4017231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4017231                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       506560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       506560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  506560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          171968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          325952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              497920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       171968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         171968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7780                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           135                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 135                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14446008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27381288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41827296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14446008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14446008                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          725795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                725795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          725795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14446008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27381288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              42553091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       134.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2687.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5074.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011358318250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             7                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             7                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18709                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 111                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7780                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         135                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7780                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       135                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      58052750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                203571500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7480.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26230.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5774                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       96                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7780                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   135                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     250.998507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.918368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.470929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           714     35.54%     35.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          634     31.56%     67.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          211     10.50%     77.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          135      6.72%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           96      4.78%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           69      3.43%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      1.05%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.45%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          120      5.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1097.142857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     352.996816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1341.190321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              2     28.57%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     28.57%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1     14.29%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.857143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.828387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.069045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     57.14%     57.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     42.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  496704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     7552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   497920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11844875000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1496509.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       171968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       324736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         7552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14446008.413173582405                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 27279139.072736419737                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 634398.583086893428                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2687                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5093                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          135                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     71196250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    132375250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 154722253250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26496.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25991.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1146090764.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6004740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3191595                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26846400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              135720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      939169920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1271061240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3500841120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5747250735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.792336                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9088848000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    397280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2418060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8339520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4432560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28567140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              480240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      939169920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1625296290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3202537920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5808823590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.964705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8310559000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    397280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3196349000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    955874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    955874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1051657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1051657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21424.466559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21424.466559                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22822.912824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22822.912824                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    866642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    866642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    959499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    959499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19424.466559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19424.466559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20822.912824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20822.912824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    574991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18977.853324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18977.853324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16977.853324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16977.853324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380883000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    380883000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26601.690180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26601.690180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352247000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24601.690180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24601.690180                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.919803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1031470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.509875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.919803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.976249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1157795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1157795                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         19033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    513965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    916769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    513965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    916769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.448435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21163.452950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30054.675165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25371.367687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21163.452950                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30054.675165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25371.367687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    844503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    844503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19163.558031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28054.675165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23371.423036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19163.558031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28054.675165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23371.423036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     50421                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    402804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    513965000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    916769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21163.452950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30054.675165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25371.367687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19163.558031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28054.675165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23371.423036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.168528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 105343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                50421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.089268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.108576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   197.323060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   198.736893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.215056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.385397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.388158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               159533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              159533                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28022                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       120180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4742464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2207872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6950336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           172490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            220688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           230395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11904188000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15571568000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112877                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204949                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              439397795                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000167                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7263046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015572                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15571568000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            828573                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7263046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      851781                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      568445                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5274550                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15571557                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15571557                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3946915                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2363842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597660                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      141402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7039678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7039678                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13807393                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5614811                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      851522                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1419951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     568429                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13031      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5627115     77.48%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.24%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.17%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.28%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.10%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.35%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.50%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.34%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.04%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.71%     80.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.03%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   810335     11.16%     91.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  548815      7.56%     99.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7263095                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           38333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18314                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          38333                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2958                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7565                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10523                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    447285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    624924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    447285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    624924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.292322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.215388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.292322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.215388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60053.752535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59125.578321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59386.486743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60053.752535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59125.578321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59386.486743                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    603878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    603878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.292322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.292322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58053.752535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57125.578321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57386.486743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58053.752535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57125.578321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57386.486743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1003                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          38333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    177639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    447285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    624924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.292322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.215388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60053.752535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59125.578321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59386.486743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    171723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    603878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.128737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.292322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58053.752535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57125.578321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57386.486743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4825.499904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.575274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.016238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1684.078128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3136.405538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.051394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.095716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.147263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9537                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.291046                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            80946                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           80946                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5233214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5233214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5233214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5233214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41336                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41336                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    884809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    884809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    884809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    884809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5274550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5274550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21405.288368                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21405.288368                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21405.288368                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21405.288368                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802137000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19405.288368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19405.288368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19405.288368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19405.288368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41080                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5233214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5233214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    884809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    884809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5274550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21405.288368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21405.288368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19405.288368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19405.288368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.027737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4266693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.863023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.027737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10523                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       689472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       689472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  689472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           55882750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          189312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          484160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              673472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       189312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         189312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        16000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            16000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12157543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           31092566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               43250108                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12157543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12157543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1027514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1027514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1027514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12157543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          31092566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              44277622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2958.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7546.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011358318250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25247                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 205                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10523                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         250                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10523                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       250                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      77637250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    52520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                274587250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7391.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26141.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8066                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10523                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   250                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     277.229899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    177.848782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.045024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           788     31.84%     31.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          755     30.51%     62.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          331     13.37%     75.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          157      6.34%     82.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      4.57%     86.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      3.03%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.21%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.85%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      8.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      622.538462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     119.056406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1090.311394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              7     53.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     15.38%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      7.69%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.769231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.741487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.012739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     61.54%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     38.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  672256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   673472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 16000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      43.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15570489000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1445325.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       189312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       482944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12157542.515949582681                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31014474.585989028215                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 895991.977172754938                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2958                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7565                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          250                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     79040000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    195547250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 183127437750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26720.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25848.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 732509751.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7618380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4049265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             36299760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              370620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1228665360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1722858630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4528654080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7528516095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.478356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11756417250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    519740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3295410750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10060260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5343360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38698800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              767340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1228665360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2151165180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4167974880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7602675180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.240823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10815450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    519740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4236378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1353757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1353757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1362127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1362127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         58050                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             58050                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1311164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1311164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1406947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1410344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1410344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1420177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1420177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23170.763603                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23170.763603                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24236.813092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24236.813092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32734                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32734                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1197992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1290849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21170.798947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21170.798947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22236.847545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22236.847545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      57793                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          801610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              801610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    867853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    867853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       841944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          841944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21516.660882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21516.660882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    787187000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19516.710468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19516.710468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         552147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             552147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443311000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    443311000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       568400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         568400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27275.641420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27275.641420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410805000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    410805000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25275.641420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25275.641420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.351797                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1410949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 57793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.413839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.351797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1478226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1478226                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           32170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          32170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    768582000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1239006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    768582000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1239006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.491588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.491588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20473.691082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29697.913447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25359.846081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20473.691082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29697.913447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25359.846081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18473.691082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27697.990726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23359.887017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18473.691082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27697.990726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23359.887017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65432                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          32170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    768582000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1239006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.491588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20473.691082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29697.913447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25359.846081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18473.691082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27697.990726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23359.887017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.541943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 131429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.008635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.451203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   171.124496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   236.966244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.194241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.334228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.462825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          471                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               198064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              198064                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       148833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  231505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5810112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8455616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            263056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           290245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15571568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18868590000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121812                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223110                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              459673943                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000074                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9158149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018869                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18868590000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055533                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000074                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9158149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1043960                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      678726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6539958                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18868579                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18868579                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4907549                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2917794                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       721413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8934782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8934782                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17612519                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7172674                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1043701                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1722411                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     678710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13032      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7219759     78.83%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.19%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.14%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.22%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.08%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.28%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.39%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.27%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.03%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.56%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1002514     10.95%     92.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  659096      7.20%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.45%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9158200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           45843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25824                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          45843                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2965                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10731                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    638487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    638487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        56574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        56574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.189681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.189681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60120.404722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.301090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60120.404722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.301090                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58120.404722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.301090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58120.404722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.301090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1003                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          45843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    638487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        56574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.189681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60120.404722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.301090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58120.404722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.301090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5678.283249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.575274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.314457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1782.120023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3891.848769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.054386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.118770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.173287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4649                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.297394                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            90573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           90573                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6498615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6498615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6498615                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6498615                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41343                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41343                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    885549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    885549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6539958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6539958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21419.563167                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21419.563167                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21419.563167                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21419.563167                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19419.563167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19419.563167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19419.563167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19419.563167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41087                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6498615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6498615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    885549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6539958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21419.563167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21419.563167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19419.563167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19419.563167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.372363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4266983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.852386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.372363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6581301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6581301                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       702784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       702784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  702784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11981000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57000500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          189760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          497024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              686784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       189760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         189760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        16000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            16000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10056925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26341343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               36398268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10056925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10056925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          847970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                847970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          847970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10056925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26341343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              37246238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2965.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7747.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011358318250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26511                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 205                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10731                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         250                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10731                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       250                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80358500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                281208500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7501.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26251.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10731                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   250                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     271.447419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.314411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    281.889265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           807     31.32%     31.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          838     32.52%     63.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          331     12.84%     76.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          157      6.09%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      4.38%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      2.91%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.16%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.81%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      7.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      622.538462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     119.056406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1090.311394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              7     53.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     15.38%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      7.69%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.769231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.741487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.012739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     61.54%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     38.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  685568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   686784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 16000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         36.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      36.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16919887000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1540832.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       189760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       495808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10056925.292244942859                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26276897.213835265487                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 739429.920306710759                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2965                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7766                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          250                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     79424250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    201784250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 183127437750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26787.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25983.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 732509751.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.21                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7825440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4159320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             36699600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              370620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1489272720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1841251050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5695011360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9074590110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         480.936313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14787567500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    629980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3451042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10574340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5620395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             39784080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              767340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1489272720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2380814760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5240641920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9167475555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.859068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13602017500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    629980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4636592500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1647203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1647203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1655573                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1655573                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          65599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              65599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1489740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1489740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1585523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1585523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1722635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1722635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22709.797405                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22709.797405                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23642.644120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23642.644120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34776                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34776                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         65599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1358544000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1358544000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1451401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1451401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20709.827894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20709.827894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21642.673944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21642.673944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          985172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              985172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         48951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             48951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1027089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1027089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1034123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1034123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20981.981982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20981.981982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    929189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18982.022839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18982.022839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         662031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             662031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    462651000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    462651000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       678679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         678679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27790.185007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27790.185007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429355000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429355000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25790.185007                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25790.185007                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.164006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.660295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.164006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1789696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1789696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               51830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              51830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             56575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            56575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1352487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1352487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.521886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.521886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20497.694048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26238.218570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23906.089262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20497.694048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26238.218570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23906.089262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    814188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    814188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18497.694048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24238.278110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21906.124613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18497.694048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24238.278110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21906.124613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     74151                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              51830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            56575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1352487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.521886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20497.694048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26238.218570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23906.089262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425151000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    814188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18497.694048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24238.278110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21906.124613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.320926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 142484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.921538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.945378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   141.258185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   276.117364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.177628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.275895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.539292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               217844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              217844                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       168899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  251585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6517568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2645952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9163520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            282285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           335305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18868590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22068662000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125797                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   231086                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              462683016                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000133                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11022154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022069                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22068662000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1277037                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11022154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1239023                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      786466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7811982                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22068651                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22068651                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5869655                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3457228                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       841895                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      269436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10798786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10798786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21397866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8707434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1238764                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2025214                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     786450                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13033      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8780960     79.67%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.16%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.11%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.19%     80.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.06%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.23%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.33%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.22%     81.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.03%     81.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.47%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1197577     10.87%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  766836      6.96%     99.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.37%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11022205                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           47698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27679                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          47698                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10732                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    638553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    638553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        58430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        58430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.219100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.219100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60122.387053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.906821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60122.387053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.906821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.219100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.219100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58122.387053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.906821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58122.387053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.906821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1003                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          47698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    638553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        58430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.219100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60122.387053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.906821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.219100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58122.387053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.906821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6268.103442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.575274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.833843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1849.799955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4414.469644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.056451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.134719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.191287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.297424                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            92866                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           92866                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7770638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7770638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7770638                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7770638                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    885632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    885632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7811982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7811982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21421.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21421.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21421.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21421.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41088                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7770638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7770638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    885632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7811982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21421.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21421.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19421.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.608379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4267063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.851806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.608379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7853326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7853326                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       702848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       702848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  702848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11982000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57006000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          189824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          497024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              686848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       189824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         189824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        16000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            16000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8601518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22521710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31123228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8601518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8601518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          725010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                725010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          725010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8601518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22521710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31848238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2966.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7747.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011358318250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27335                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 205                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10732                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         250                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10732                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       250                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80372250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                281241000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7502.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26252.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10732                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   250                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     271.366951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.245897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    281.864180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           808     31.34%     31.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          838     32.51%     63.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          331     12.84%     76.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          157      6.09%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      4.38%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      2.91%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.16%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.81%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      7.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      622.538462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     119.056406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1090.311394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              7     53.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     15.38%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      7.69%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.769231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.741487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.012739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     61.54%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     38.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  685632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   686848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 16000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         31.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19312508000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1758560.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       189824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       495808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8601518.297756338492                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22466608.986081711948                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 632208.694845206337                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7766                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          250                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     79456750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    201784250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 183127437750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26789.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25983.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 732509751.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7825440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4159320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             36699600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              370620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1741889760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1887402240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6884975040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10563322020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         478.657112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17880779500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    736840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3451042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10581480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5624190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             39791220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              767340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1741889760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2429321190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6428622240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10656597420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.883712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16690050500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    736840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4641771500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1946705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1946705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1955075                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1955075                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         70363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             70363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1546675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1546675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1642458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1642458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2015605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2015605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2025438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2025438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22448.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22448.113208                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23342.637466                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23342.637466                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35637                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35637                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1408877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1408877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1501734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20448.142235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20448.142235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21342.665890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21342.665890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      70106                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1176992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1176992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1083154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20752.461969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20752.461969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    978768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    978768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18752.500287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18752.500287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         769713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             769713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    463521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       786419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         786419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27745.779959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27745.779959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430109000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    430109000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25745.779959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25745.779959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.720245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1897829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 70106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.070850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.720245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2095800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2095800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             58431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            58431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1376679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1376679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.523074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.523074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20500.152273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25545.421204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23560.763978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20500.152273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25545.421204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23560.763978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18500.152273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23545.477628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21560.798206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18500.152273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23545.477628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21560.798206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     76343                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            58431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1376679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.523074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20500.152273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25545.421204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23560.763978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    834593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1259819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18500.152273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23545.477628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21560.798206                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.854411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                76343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.909396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.881721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.899892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   297.072799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.177503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.236133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.580220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               224199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              224199                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35637                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  259050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6783936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9429952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            289892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           351810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22068662000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25263671000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129856                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   239028                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468659985                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12885057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025264                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25263671000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1498567                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12885057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1434060                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      893996                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9083504                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25263671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25263671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6832695                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3996900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       962454                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      334090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12661689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12661689                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25181068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10241277                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1433802                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2327782                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     893980                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13033      0.10%      0.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10341295     80.26%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.14%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.10%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.16%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.05%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.20%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.28%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.19%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.02%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.40%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1392615     10.81%     92.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  874366      6.79%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.32%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12885108                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           49393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29374                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          49393                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10732                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    638553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    638553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        60125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        60125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.209101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.209101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60122.387053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.906821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60122.387053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.906821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.209101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.209101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58122.387053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.906821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58122.387053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.906821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1003                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          49393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    638553000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        60125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.209101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.178495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60122.387053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59262.168426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59499.906821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    172391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.209101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.178495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58122.387053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57262.168426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57499.906821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6707.940978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              84543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.865197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.475457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1900.285403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4804.180119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.057992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.146612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.204710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.297424                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            95292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           95292                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9042160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9042160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9042160                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9042160                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    885632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    885632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9083504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9083504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21421.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21421.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21421.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21421.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    802944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    802944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41088                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9042160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9042160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    885632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9083504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21421.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21421.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    802944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    802944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19421.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19421.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.784372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9083504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                219.705495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.784372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9124848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9124848                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       702848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       702848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  702848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11982000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57006000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          189824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          497024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              686848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       189824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         189824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        16000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            16000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7513714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19673467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27187181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7513714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7513714                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          633320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                633320                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          633320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7513714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19673467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27820502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2966.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7747.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011358318250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28155                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 205                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10732                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         250                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10732                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       250                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80372250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                281241000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7502.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26252.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      180                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10732                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   250                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     271.366951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.245897                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    281.864180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           808     31.34%     31.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          838     32.51%     63.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          331     12.84%     76.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          157      6.09%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      4.38%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      2.91%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.16%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.81%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      7.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      622.538462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     119.056406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1090.311394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              7     53.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     15.38%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      7.69%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.769231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.741487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.012739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     61.54%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     38.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  685632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   686848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 16000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19312508000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1758560.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       189824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       495808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7513714.060003393330                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19625334.734607648104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 552255.450128368102                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2966                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7766                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          250                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     79456750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    201784250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 183127437750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26789.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25983.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 732509751.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7825440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4159320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             36699600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              370620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1993892160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1933441140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8073088800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12049477080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.948781                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20969188500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    843440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3451042500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10581480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5624190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             39791220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              767340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1993892160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2475360090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7616736000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12142752480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.640857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  19778459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    843440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4641771500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2246192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2246192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2254562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2254562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          71980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              71980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         73443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             73443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1599679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1599679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1695462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1695462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2318172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2318172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2328005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2328005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22223.937205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22223.937205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23085.413178                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23085.413178                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36515                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36515                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        71980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         71980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1455719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1455719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1548576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1548576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20223.937205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20223.937205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21085.413178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21085.413178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      73187                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1369079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1369079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1134184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1134184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20567.677354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20567.677354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1023896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1023896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18567.677354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18567.677354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         877113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             877113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465495000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    465495000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       893949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         893949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27648.788311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27648.788311                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431823000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431823000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25648.788311                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25648.788311                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     95783000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92857000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63470.266576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.135024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2328005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 73443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.698120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.135024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2401448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2401448                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             60125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            60125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    927518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1398714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    927518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1398714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          114787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         114787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.523796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.523796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20500.152273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24973.559505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23263.434511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20500.152273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24973.559505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23263.434511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    853238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1278464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    853238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1278464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18500.152273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22973.559505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21263.434511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18500.152273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22973.559505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21263.434511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78642                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            60125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    471196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    927518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1398714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         114787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.523796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20500.152273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24973.559505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23263.434511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    853238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1278464000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18500.152273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22973.559505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21263.434511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.252223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.911489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.564375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   105.648085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   314.039763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.206344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.613359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230456                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               114787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              114787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36515                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7037312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9683328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           367215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25263671000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
