
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               102643328000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 473855                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 858252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   893016                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             4863767330                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    10000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      18845879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.102643                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                102643328000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           2077523                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                    10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      18845879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     2139736                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2876                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1528279                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    13139795                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           693                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        102643328                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  102643328                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             11667773                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6732444                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1547639                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 445888                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        445888                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               686140                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              299263                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      354012                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              18499359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     18499359                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            36083329                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           15016633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     2137744                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3665822                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1528078                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 92798      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  14712661     78.07%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    60075      0.32%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35169      0.19%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5381      0.03%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10884      0.06%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   119735      0.64%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       54      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    59866      0.32%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   81410      0.43%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.01%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   7      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  99      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 48      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  2080737     11.04%     91.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1427358      7.57%     99.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               57007      0.30%     99.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             100720      0.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   18846230                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    41                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       181645                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       150114                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_requests         363715                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bar.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           150116                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        82321                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        167218                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              57271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            51660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27626                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         57271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3Dram.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave       252115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3Dram.mem_side::total       252115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 252115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3Dram.mem_side::system.mem_delay-slave      7395584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3Dram.mem_side::total      7395584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 7395584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             84899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   84899    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               84899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           289854000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          460562750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         13056480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             13056480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13056480                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            13056480                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          83315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              83315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         83315                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             83315                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  37127338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  37127338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  37127338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  37127338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     13139795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         13139795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     13139795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        13139795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 445626.093741                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445626.093741                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 445626.093741                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445626.093741                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        83315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         83315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        83315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  36960708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36960708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  36960708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36960708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 443626.093741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443626.093741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 443626.093741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443626.093741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      82803                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13056480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            13056480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         83315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             83315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  37127338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37127338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     13139795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13139795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 445626.093741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 445626.093741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        83315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  36960708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36960708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 443626.093741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 443626.093741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               500.927874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                12986405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 82803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.834958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                777000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   500.927874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              13223110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             13223110                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_delay.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2883840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2549568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5433408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2883840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2883840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1962176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1962176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            45060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            39837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                84897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30659                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28095738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24839101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               52934839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28095738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28095738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19116450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19116450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19116450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28095738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24839101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              72051288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     30648.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     45060.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     39717.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.012219742500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1740                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1740                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               225925                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28931                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        84897                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30659                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      84897                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30659                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             16462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             10994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1350291750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   423885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2939860500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15927.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34677.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     36563                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    21647                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  43.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  84897                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30659                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    84620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                      145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        57183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     129.149433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     99.144000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    134.857025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         34530     60.39%     60.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16168     28.27%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3437      6.01%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1012      1.77%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1063      1.86%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          327      0.57%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          131      0.23%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           95      0.17%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          420      0.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         57183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       48.686207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.548736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     116.390023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1691     97.18%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           32      1.84%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      0.29%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      0.17%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.06%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.06%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.06%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.06%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.11%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.597701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.578305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.809088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               334     19.20%     19.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                58      3.33%     22.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1322     75.98%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                26      1.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5425728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1959680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5433408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1962176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      52.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      19.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   102642284000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      888247.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2883840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2541888                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1959680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28095737.503756698221                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24764278.882305920124                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19092132.320573236793                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        45060                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        39837                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30659                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1590809500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1349051000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2411005977000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35304.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33864.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  78639419.97                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     50.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             252291900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             134084940                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            384938820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            82371600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8102184480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       32634267000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11933550240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         53523688980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         521.453172                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30709709750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3427320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  68506298250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             156023280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              82924545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            220368960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            77464800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8102184480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       22148317860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       20763823200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         51551107125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.235344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  53747375750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3427320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  45468632250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            16473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::.cpu.data             9355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.demand_hits::total                25828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           16473                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::.cpu.data            9355                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.overall_hits::total               25828                       # number of overall hits
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          45060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.demand_misses::total              84897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         45060                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39837                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.overall_misses::total             84897                       # number of overall misses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  33153569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29249333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_latency::total  62402902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  33153569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29249333000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_latency::total  62402902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        61533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        49192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_accesses::total           110725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        61533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        49192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_accesses::total          110725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.809827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_miss_rate::total        0.766737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.809827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_miss_rate::total       0.766737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 735764.957834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 734225.293069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 735042.486778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 735764.957834                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 734225.293069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 735042.486778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3Dram.writebacks::.writebacks           30659                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.writebacks::total                 30659                       # number of writebacks
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_misses::total         84897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_misses::total        84897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  31576469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27855038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  59431507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  31576469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27855038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  59431507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.809827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.809827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 700764.957834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 699225.293069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700042.486778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 700764.957834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 699225.293069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700042.486778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.replacements                      97043                       # number of replacements
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        33543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_hits::total        33543                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        33543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        33543                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        47629                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        47629                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_hits::total              204                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data          206                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          206                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009709                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.009709                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        86000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        86000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009709                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009709                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data           291                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_hits::total               291                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data        27626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_misses::total           27626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20260359000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  20260359000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_accesses::total         27917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.989576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 733380.112937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 733380.112937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        27626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19293449000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19293449000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 698380.112937                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698380.112937                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16473                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         9064                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         25537                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst        45060                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        12211                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        57271                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  33153569000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8988974000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  42142543000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        61533                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        21275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        82808                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732290                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573960                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.691612                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 735764.957834                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 736137.417083                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 735844.371497                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45060                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12211                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        57271                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  31576469000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8561589000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40138058000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.573960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.691612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 700764.957834                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 701137.417083                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700844.371497                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3Dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3Dram.tags.tagsinuse              2008.156627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3Dram.tags.total_refs                  168054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.sampled_refs                 97043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.avg_refs                  1.731748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3Dram.tags.warmup_cycle                721000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   433.362873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   267.028641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1307.765113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.211603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.130385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.638557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3Dram.tags.tag_accesses                320218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.data_accesses               320218                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3Dram.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              146490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        126989                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::CleanEvict            285399                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               599                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              599                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              35580                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             35580                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         146490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       296951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       249433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  546384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     10338688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15670848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoops                            231342                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bar.snoopTraffic                     4108928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::samples             414011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::mean              0.362597                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.480760                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::0                   263894     63.74%     63.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::1                   150115     36.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::2                        2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.snoop_fanout::total               414011                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            489289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           249945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           296864000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           49563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          49563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71345                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         61533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         49192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            110725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        61533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        49192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           110725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  36252977000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31594510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  67847487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  36252977000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31594510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  67847487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        83315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        98755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          182070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        83315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        98755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         182070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 589163.164481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 642269.271426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 612756.712576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 589163.164481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 642269.271426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 612756.712576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          33543                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                33543                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        49192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       110725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        49192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       110725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  35022317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30610670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65632987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  35022317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30610670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65632987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 569163.164481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 622269.271426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 592756.712576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 569163.164481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 622269.271426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 592756.712576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    134299                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        62787                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        62787                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        62787                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        62787                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        70485                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        70485                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data          393                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total             393                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::.cpu.data          206                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           206                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data          599                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          599                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.343907                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.343907                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          206                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11648000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11648000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.343907                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343907                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56543.689320                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56543.689320                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             7663                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data        27917                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          27917                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21415141000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  21415141000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35580                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        35580                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.784626                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.784626                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 767100.368951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 767100.368951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27917                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        27917                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20856801000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20856801000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.784626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.784626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 747100.368951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747100.368951                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.inst        21782                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        41900                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        63682                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.inst        61533                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        21275                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        82808                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  36252977000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10179369000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  46432346000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        83315                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63175                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       146490                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738558                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.336763                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.565281                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 589163.164481                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 478466.227967                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 560722.949473                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        61533                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21275                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        82808                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  35022317000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9753869000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44776186000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.336763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.565281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 569163.164481                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 458466.227967                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 540722.949473                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             1016.947693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 290960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               134299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.166509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle               756000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   240.945236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   199.443744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   576.558714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.235298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.194769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.563046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          435                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          462                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               499037                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              499037                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3558766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3558766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3567517                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3567517                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          96893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              96893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        100147                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            100147                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32270497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32270497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32270497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32270497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3655659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3655659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3667664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3667664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 333052.924360                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333052.924360                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 322231.290004                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 322231.290004                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          18188                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                   136                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   133.735294                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           62787                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 62787                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total             324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        96569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         96569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31935880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31935880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32977764986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32977764986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 330705.298802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330705.298802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 331921.865109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331921.865109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      98243                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2067068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             2067068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         60616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             60616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10473391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10473391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2127684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2127684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 172782.615151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172782.615151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10215744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10215744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 169162.841530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169162.841530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1491698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1491698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21797106000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21797106000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1527975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1527975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 600851.944758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 600851.944758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            98                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21720136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21720136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 600352.027419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 600352.027419                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8751                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8751                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3254                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3254                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12005                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         12005                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.271054                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.271054                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1041884986                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1041884986                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.231987                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231987                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 374105.919569                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 374105.919569                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               509.237819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3645755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 98243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.109565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle               1560000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.237819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3766419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3766419                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 102643328000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
