
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18491738000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  45967                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34198800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82843                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              849994772                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018492                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18491738000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            200427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1802250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200130                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            15                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      249167                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         98945                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1250607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18491727                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18491727                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1002046                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              798720                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199849                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         400                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1851257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1851257                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3404395                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1401875                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200127                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        449292                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249165                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1401882     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200079     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  248981     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1851720                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           33                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             40                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        198497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       198497                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12185907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12211206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12185907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12211206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       198537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       198537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59808.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61521.991781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61518.340328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59808.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61521.991781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61518.340328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       197620                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           197620                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       198497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       198497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11789759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11814212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11789759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11814212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57808.510638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59521.991781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59518.340328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57808.510638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59521.991781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59518.340328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                197697                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       198497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12185907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12211206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       198537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59808.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61521.991781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61518.340328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11789759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11814212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57808.510638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59521.991781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59518.340328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197870                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          800.673787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             395318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           197697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.994488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   371.247431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   427.431868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.090637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.104353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.195477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.196045                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           594907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          594907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250147                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1250607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72163.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72163.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70163.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70163.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1250607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72163.043478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.043478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70163.043478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.043478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.639677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.639677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1251067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1251067                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              198497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198497                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       197620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       594614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       594614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 594614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25351488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25351488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25351488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1186597000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1050194750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           27072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12676736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12703808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        27072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          27072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12647680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12647680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           198074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               198497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        197620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              197620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1464005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          685535129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              686999134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1464005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1464005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       683963833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             683963833                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       683963833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1464005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         685535129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1370962967                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    197620.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       423.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    198074.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000013572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12349                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12349                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               586655                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              185777                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       198497                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      197620                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     198497                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    197620                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1881276500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   992485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5603095250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9477.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28227.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    171634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   170531                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 198497                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                197620                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   198497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        53909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     470.119646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    443.736484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    109.593339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1094      2.03%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2973      5.51%      7.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1492      2.77%     10.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3223      5.98%     16.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        45112     83.68%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         53909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.072880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.005699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       8.044964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           12348     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.038177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12347     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12703808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12645760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12703808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12647680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        687.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        683.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     687.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     683.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18491692000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46682.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        27072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12676736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12645760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1464005.168145903852                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 685535129.256103396416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 683860002.775293469429                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          423                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       198074                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       197620                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11200500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5591894750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 456049388000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26478.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28231.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2307708.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             192094560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             102070320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            708145200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           515829960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1459155360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7673102310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         639267840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11289665550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.524849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1598934250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    617240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16275563750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             192908520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             102514335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            709123380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           515589840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1459155360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7680520290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         633021120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11292832845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.696131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1582653500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    617240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16291844500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               201712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              201714                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             198113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            198113                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15553765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15553765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15553765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15553765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495499                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78509.562724                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78509.562724                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78509.562724                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78509.562724                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                197933                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        198113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15157541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15157541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15157541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15157541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76509.572820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76509.572820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76509.572820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76509.572820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     197971                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63762.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63762.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61762.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61762.711864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1702                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           197995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15546241000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15546241000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         199697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991477                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78518.351474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78518.351474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       197995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15150253000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15150253000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76518.361575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76518.361575                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.807269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                197971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.807269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                597939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               597939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        198082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            198538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           198538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14364812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14395193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14364812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14395193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        66625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72519.522218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72505.983741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        66625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72519.522218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72505.983741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               197870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13968650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13998119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13968650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13998119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70519.532315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70505.993815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70519.532315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70505.993815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    198207                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           198538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14364812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14395193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        66625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72519.522218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72505.983741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       198082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       198538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13968650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13998119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70519.532315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70505.993815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       197933                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.341033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 396055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               198207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.961382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.568074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.811577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               595107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              595107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198572                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        197933                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       594158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  595078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     25346880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 25376320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1188238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           990560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18491738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37093594000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  50486                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34202336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    90931                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              936336614                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037094                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37093594000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            400427                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3602297                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      499142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        198916                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2500637                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37093583                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37093583                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2002084                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1598666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    550                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           550                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  798                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3701280                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3701280                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6804501                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2801923                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        899264                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     499140                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   191      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2801942     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       28      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        35      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       84      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       68      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     130      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400076     10.81%     86.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  498956     13.48%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  48      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                184      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3701752                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           33                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             40                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        398438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       398438                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24488614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24513913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24488614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24513913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       398478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       398478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59808.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61526.862053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61525.037773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59808.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61526.862053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61525.037773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       397561                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           397561                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       398438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       398438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23692584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23717037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23692584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23717037000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57808.510638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59526.862053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.037773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57808.510638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59526.862053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.037773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                397638                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       398438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     25299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24488614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24513913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       398478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59808.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61526.862053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61525.037773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     24453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23692584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23717037000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57808.510638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59526.862053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.037773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397811                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          801.840346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             795200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           397638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.997252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   371.624833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   428.218262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.090729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.104545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.195762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.196045                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1194730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1194730                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500177                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               460                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2500637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72163.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72163.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.043478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70163.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70163.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.043478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        243                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2500637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72163.043478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72163.043478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70163.043478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70163.043478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               216.820373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                    6638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 27.316872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   216.820373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.846955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.846955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.847656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2501097                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2501097                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              398438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             398438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       397561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1194437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1194437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1194437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50943936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50943936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50943936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2386243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2107421500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           27072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25472960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25500032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        27072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          27072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25443904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25443904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           398015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               398438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        397561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              397561                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             729830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          686721271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              687451100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        729830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            729830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       685937955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             685937955                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       685937955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            729830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         686721271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1373389055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    397561.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       423.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    398015.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000013572500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24845                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24845                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1178454                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              373587                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       398438                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      397561                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     398438                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    397561                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3779515000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1992190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11250227500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9485.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28235.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    344570                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   343096                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 398438                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                397561                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   398438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       108293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     470.350032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    444.840018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    108.627318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1807      1.67%      1.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6296      5.81%      7.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2811      2.60%     10.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6665      6.15%     16.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        90699     83.75%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        108293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.036587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.671847                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           24844    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.042555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24840     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25500032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25442240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25500032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25443904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        687.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        685.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     687.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     685.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37093548000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46599.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        27072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25472960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25442240                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 729829.522585490136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 686721270.524500846863                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 685893095.179722905159                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          423                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       398015                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       397561                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     11200500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11239027000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 917399019250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26478.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28237.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2307567.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             386195460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             205237395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1421923860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1037678580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2927530320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15341665140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1324643520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22644874275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.479380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3317575500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1238380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32537638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             387116520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             205734540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1422923460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1037454120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2927530320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15350811360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1316941440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22648511760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.577443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3297412500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1238380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32557801500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               401756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              401760                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             398054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            398054                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31255469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31255469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31255469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31255469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78520.675587                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78520.675587                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78520.675587                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78520.675587                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                397874                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        398054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30459363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30459363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30459363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30459363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76520.680611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76520.680611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76520.680611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76520.680611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     397912                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64042.016807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64042.016807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62042.016807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62042.016807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               1752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           397935                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31247848000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31247848000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         399687                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995617                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78525.005340                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78525.005340                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       397935                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30451980000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30451980000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76525.010366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76525.010366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               140.903920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                397912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.003370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.903920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.550406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.550406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.550781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1197867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1197867                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 35                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        398023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            398479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           398479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28866870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28897251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28866870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28897251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          398514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         398514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        66625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72525.632941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72518.880543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        66625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72525.632941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72518.880543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               397811                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28070826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28100295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28070826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28100295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70525.637966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70518.885562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70525.637966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70518.885562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    398150                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             31                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           398479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     30381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28866870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28897251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         398514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        66625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72525.632941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72518.880543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       398023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28070826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28100295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        64625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70525.637966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70518.885562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397874                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              393.671494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 795937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               398150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    27.980832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.784678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   111.905984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.054650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.768890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1194932                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1194932                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               398514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              398513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        397874                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1193981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1194901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50939328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50968768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             2300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2387884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1990265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37093594000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                49814258000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  51055                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    90090                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              847461918                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.049814                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 49814258000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            574793                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5295556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      580982                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      688321                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3788335                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         49814247                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   49814247                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2910848                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2387893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       562999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1078                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5423833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5423833                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10112984                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4175104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      580964                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1269263                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     688299                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1426      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4141450     76.33%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13100      0.24%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   580906     10.71%     87.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  688069     12.68%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5425621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          210                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           91                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            301                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        521899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521045                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       521899                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32060844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32111497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32060844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32111497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       522200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       522200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.802632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.802632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59312.646370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61531.813951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61528.182656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59312.646370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61531.813951                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61528.182656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520013                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520013                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       521899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       521899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31018754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31067699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31018754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31067699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.802632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.802632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57312.646370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59531.813951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59528.182656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57312.646370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59531.813951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59528.182656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                520426                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       521899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32060844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32111497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       521136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       522200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.802632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59312.646370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61531.813951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61528.182656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       521899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31018754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31067699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.802632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57312.646370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59531.813951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59528.182656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       520534                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          820.293921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1040487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           520426                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.524865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   378.805832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   437.963223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.092482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.106925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.200267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1540                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.375977                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1564700                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1564700                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3787263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3787263                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3788335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64659.514925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64659.514925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64659.514925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64659.514925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62659.514925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62659.514925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62659.514925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62659.514925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        818                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3787263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3788335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64659.514925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64659.514925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62659.514925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62659.514925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               217.788896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3275495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               4004.272616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   217.788896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.850738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.850738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3789407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3789407                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              521899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             521899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1563811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1563811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1563811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66682368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66682368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66682368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3121964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2760140250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           54656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33346880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33401536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        54656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          54656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33280832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33280832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               521899                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1097196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          669424405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              670521600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1097196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1097196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       668098519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             668098519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       668098519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1097196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         669424405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1338620120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520013.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       854.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521040.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000218746500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32498                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32498                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1543266                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488552                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       521899                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520013                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     521899                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520013                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4952722250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2609470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14738234750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9489.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28239.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451195                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   448765                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 521899                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520013                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   521894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       141919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     469.847279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    444.001084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    109.622063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2322      1.64%      1.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8485      5.98%      7.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3593      2.53%     10.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8847      6.23%     16.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       118621     83.58%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           26      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        141919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.049726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.449140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32494     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000523                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.038827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32492     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33401216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33279040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33401536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33280832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        670.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        668.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     670.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     668.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    49790620000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47787.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        54656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33346560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33279040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1097195.907244066475                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 669417980.691391587257                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 668062545.466400384903                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          854                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521045                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520013                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     22196500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14716038250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1201524621250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25991.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28243.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2310566.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             506161740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             269031345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1863797040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1357215660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3931852080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20225147550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2096972160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         30250177575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         607.259423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5284714500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1663220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42866323500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             507139920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             269551260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1862526120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1357106040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3931852080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20082886380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2216771040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         30227832840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         606.810862                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5597292500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1663220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42553745500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               617220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              617228                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             521814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            522010                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40918562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40918562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40933488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40933488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1139034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1139238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.458120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.458210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78415.991139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78415.991139                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78415.141472                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78415.141472                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                521090                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        521814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39874936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39874936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39889470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39889470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76415.994971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76415.994971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76415.145304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76415.145304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     521753                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              579749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          580775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31733.918129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31733.918129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     30509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29735.867446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29735.867446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              37471                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           520788                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40886003000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40886003000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         558259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.932879                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78507.959093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78507.959093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       520788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39844427000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39844427000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.932879                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76507.959093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76507.959093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               143.958231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1083279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                521753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.076230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.958231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.562337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.562337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1661247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1661247                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst               8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                881                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        521137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            522201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           522201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37793522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37856299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37793522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37856299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          523082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         523082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59000.939850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72521.279433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72493.731341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59000.939850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72521.279433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72493.731341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               520534                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36751250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36811899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36751250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36811899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57000.939850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70521.283271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70493.735171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57000.939850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70521.283271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70493.735171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    522001                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst              8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           522201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37793522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37856299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         523082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59000.939850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72521.279433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72493.731341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36751250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36811899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.992537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57000.939850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70521.283271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70493.735171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              396.502614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1042404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               522001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.340863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.751263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   115.410489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.225411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.774419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1566672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1566672                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               523082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              523081                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        521090                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1565109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         2144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1567253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66758336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66826944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             5360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3128532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2610045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  49814258000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                53034209000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  66189                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   112667                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              877055690                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4002335                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.053034                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53034209000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            712004                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4002335                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6812823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      728052                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      762828                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5134735                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         53034200                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   53034200                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3675812                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3202346                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       672901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3564                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6938398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6938398                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13213945                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5512962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      727929                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1490639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     762710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4122      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5401783     77.80%     77.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    45965      0.66%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   727871     10.48%     89.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  762480     10.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6942891                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          573                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1219                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       521669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        522591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          922                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       521669                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       522591                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32098020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32152823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32098020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32152823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       523810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       523810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.588010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.997673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.588010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59439.262473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.475587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61525.787853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59439.262473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.475587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61525.787853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       522591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       522591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31054682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31107641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31054682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31107641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.588010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.588010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57439.262473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.475587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.787853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57439.262473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.475587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.787853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                521026                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       521669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       522591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32098020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32152823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       522242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       523810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.588010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.997673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59439.262473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.475587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61525.787853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       522591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52959000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31054682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31107641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.588010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57439.262473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.475587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59525.787853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       521126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          871.549815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1041284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           521026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.782651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   393.327193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   468.439971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.096027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.114365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.212781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.436523                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1567750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1567750                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5133154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5133154                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1581                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5134735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52492.726123                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52492.726123                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52492.726123                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52492.726123                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50492.726123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50492.726123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50492.726123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50492.726123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5133154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5134735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52492.726123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52492.726123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50492.726123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50492.726123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               220.023781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3576765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2697.409502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.023781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.859468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.859468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5136316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5136316                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              522591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             522591                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1565308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1565308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1565308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66733888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66733888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66733888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3123221000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2763826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           59008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33386816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33445824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        59008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          59008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33288064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33288064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           521669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               522591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1112640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          629533590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              630646231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1112640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1112640                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       627671547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             627671547                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       627671547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1112640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         629533590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1258317777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520125.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       922.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    521638.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005237836750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32505                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32505                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1545538                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488669                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       522591                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520126                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     522591                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4958759000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2612800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14756759000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9489.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28239.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451619                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   448862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 522591                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520126                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   522560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       142188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     469.313979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    442.805936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    110.816682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2512      1.77%      1.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8509      5.98%      7.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3609      2.54%     10.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8856      6.23%     16.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       118627     83.43%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           43      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        142188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.075588                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012729                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.961799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32495     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000892                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.047382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32493     99.96%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33443840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33286976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33445824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33288064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        630.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        627.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     630.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     627.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    53017435000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       50845.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        59008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33384832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33286976                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1112640.333713660249                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 629496180.474757313728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 627651031.808544516563                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          922                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       521669                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520126                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24079250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14732679750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1300675066750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26116.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28241.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2500692.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             507518340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             269752395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1865267880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1357403580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4186313040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20588966010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3027060000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         31802281245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         599.655993                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7698670000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1770860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  43564679000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             507703980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             269851065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1865810520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1357565400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4186313040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20186680530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3365826720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         31739751255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         598.476943                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8583499250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1770860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42679849750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               836497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              836505                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             524111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            524307                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40993395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40993395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41008321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41008321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1360608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1360812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.385204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.385290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78215.101381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78215.101381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78214.330535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78214.330535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                522439                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        524111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       524307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39945175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39945175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39959709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39959709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76215.105197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76215.105197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76214.334350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76214.334350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     524050                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              725099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          727845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26356.154406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26356.154406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24356.154406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24356.154406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             111398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521365                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40921021000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40921021000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         632763                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.823950                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78488.239525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78488.239525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39878293000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39878293000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823950                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76488.243361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76488.243361                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               150.760803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                524050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.521809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.760803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.588909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1885118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1885118                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        522243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            523811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           523811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37843828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37917171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37843828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37917171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          525888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         525888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.996050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46774.872449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72464.021538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72387.122454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46774.872449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72464.021538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72387.122454                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               521126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36799344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36869551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36799344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36869551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44774.872449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70464.025368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70387.126273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44774.872449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70464.025368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70387.126273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    524057                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           523811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37843828000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37917171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       524307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         525888                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.996050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46774.872449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72464.021538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72387.122454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36799344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36869551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.991777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44774.872449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70464.025368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70387.126273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522439                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              403.036653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1046661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               524057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    32.462224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.044945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   126.529484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.063403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.476650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.247128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.787181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1572896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1572896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               525888                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              525887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        522439                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1571052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1574214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66991680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67092864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3138083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2621530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  53034209000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                56230905000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80490                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   133776                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              904739405                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002522                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.056231                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56230905000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            846715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8314395                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      879257                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            38                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      829701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6478748                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         56230894                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   56230894                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4420598                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3998418                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       777386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        4848                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8437570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8437570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16298378                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6847892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      879089                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1708618                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     829529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6514      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6647748     78.72%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    81203      0.96%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   879031     10.41%     90.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  829299      9.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8444465                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1342                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2295                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       522139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        523087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          948                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       522139                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       523087                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32126920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32183474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32126920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32183474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       525382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       525382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.498685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.498685                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59656.118143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.439479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.044425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59656.118143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.439479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.044425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520363                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520363                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       523087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       523087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31082642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31137300000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31082642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31137300000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.498685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.498685                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.118143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.439479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.044425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.118143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.439479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.044425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                521542                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       522139                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       523087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32126920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32183474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       523481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       525382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.498685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.995632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59656.118143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.439479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61526.044425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       523087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54658000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31082642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31137300000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.498685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57656.118143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.439479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59526.044425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       522021                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          927.467558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1042204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           521542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.367268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   402.807563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.292727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.098342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.123362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.226433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1909                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.466064                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1570854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1570854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6476834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6476834                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1914                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6478748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47554.336468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47554.336468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47554.336468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47554.336468                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45554.336468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45554.336468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45554.336468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45554.336468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1659                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6476834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6478748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47554.336468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47554.336468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45554.336468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45554.336468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               222.012160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3873570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2334.882459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   222.012160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.867235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.867235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6480662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6480662                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              523087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             523087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1566537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1566537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1566537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66780800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66780800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66780800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3124902000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2766479500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           60672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33416896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33477568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        60672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          60672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33303232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33303232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           522139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               523087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520363                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520363                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1078980                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          594279889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              595358869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1078980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1078980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       592258510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             592258510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       592258510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1078980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         594279889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1187617379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520357.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       948.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    522091.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005237836750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32518                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32518                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1547545                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488879                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       523087                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520363                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     523087                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520363                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4964057250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2615195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14771038500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9490.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28240.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    451884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   449053                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 523087                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520363                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   523039                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       142433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     468.821692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    441.693958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    111.923088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2692      1.89%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8532      5.99%      7.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3615      2.54%     10.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8864      6.22%     16.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       118632     83.29%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           59      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        142433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.083492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.016872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.991476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32503     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63              4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.001322                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.055162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32498     99.94%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33474496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33301184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33477568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33303232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        595.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        592.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     595.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     592.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    56188575000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       53848.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        60672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33413824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33301184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1078979.610945262248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 594225257.445171833038                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 592222088.547214388847                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          948                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       522139                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520363                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24961750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14746076750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1352363803250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26330.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28241.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2598885.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             508567920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             270310260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1866760140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1357831620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4438315440.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20860769370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4025703840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33328258590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         592.703578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10291821250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1877460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44061623750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             508403700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             270222975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1867738320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1358296200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4438315440.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20351460120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4454595840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33249032595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         591.294638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11412282750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1877460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  42941162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1052153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1052161                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             526531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            526727                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41062644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41062644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41077570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41077570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1578684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1578888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.333525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.333606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77987.134661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77987.134661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77986.452185                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77986.452185                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                523714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        526531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       526727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40009584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40009584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40024118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40024118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75987.138459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75987.138459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75986.455982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75986.455982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     526470                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              874450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          879050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25206.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25206.521739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23206.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23206.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             177703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           521931                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40946694000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40946694000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.746006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78452.312662                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78452.312662                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       521931                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39902834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39902834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.746006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76452.316494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76452.316494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               156.743593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                526470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.795229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   156.743593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.612280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2105614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2105614                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3258                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        523482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            525383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           525383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37887895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37967266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37887895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37967266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          528641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         528641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41752.235665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72376.691080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72265.882223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41752.235665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72376.691080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72265.882223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               522021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36840933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36916502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36840933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36916502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39752.235665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70376.694901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70265.886030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39752.235665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70376.694901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70265.886030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    526333                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           525383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37887895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37967266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         528641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.993837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41752.235665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72376.691080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72265.882223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36840933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36916502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.993208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39752.235665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70376.694901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70265.886030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              409.231160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1050325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               526333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.725220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.383250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   140.122690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.071729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.453874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.273677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.799280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          479                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1579200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1579200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               528641                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              528640                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        523714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1577167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1580995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67228160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       122496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67350656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             9570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3147211000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2633630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  56230905000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59528429000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94028                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   154074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              932804336                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000557                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059528                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59528429000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            979504                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9832448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1045315                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      899783                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7826045                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         59528428                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   59528428                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5172908                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4802443                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       880959                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        6006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9950015                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9950015                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19436418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8196943                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1045094                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1944617                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     899523                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12060      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7889995     79.20%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   115467      1.16%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1045036     10.49%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  899293      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9962521                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            3825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1553                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2272                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           3825                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       523212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        524234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1022                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523212                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       524234                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32191473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32252934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32191473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32252934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       528059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.396893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.992756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.396893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.992756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60137.964775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61526.633563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61523.926338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60137.964775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61526.633563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61523.926338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       520828                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           520828                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       524234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       524234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31145049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31204466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31145049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31204466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.396893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.396893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58137.964775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59526.633563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.926338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58137.964775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59526.633563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.926338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                522834                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           3825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       524234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32191473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32252934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.396893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.992756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60137.964775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61526.633563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61523.926338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       524234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31145049000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31204466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.396893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58137.964775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59526.633563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.926338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523105                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          987.572642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1045294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           522834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    31.175328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   411.287438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   545.109875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.007611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.100412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.133083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.241107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          887                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.537598                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1576200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1576200                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7823430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7823430                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               2615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              2615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7826045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41685.277247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41685.277247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41685.277247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41685.277247                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          2615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39685.277247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39685.277247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39685.277247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39685.277247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       2360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7823430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              2615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    109007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7826045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41685.277247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41685.277247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 39685.277247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39685.277247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               223.839492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4607070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               1952.148305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   223.839492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.874373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.874373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7828660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7828660                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              524234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             524234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       520828                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1569296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1569296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1569296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66883968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66883968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66883968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3128374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2772585500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           65408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33485568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33550976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        65408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          65408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33332992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33332992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           523212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               524234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        520828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              520828                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1098769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          562513887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              563612656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1098769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1098769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       559950809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             559950809                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       559950809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1098769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         562513887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1123563466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    520815.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1022.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    523125.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005465138500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32545                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32545                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1551061                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              489320                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       524234                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      520828                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     524234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    520828                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      87                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4974906250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2620735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14802662500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9491.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28241.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   449457                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 524234                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                520828                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   524147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       142828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     468.231327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    440.312938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    113.522108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2902      2.03%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8595      6.02%      8.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3647      2.55%     10.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8887      6.22%     16.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       118638     83.06%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           95      0.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        142828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.104901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.027885                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.055706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32511     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             20      0.06%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              7      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.002427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.072447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32506     99.88%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33545408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33331136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33550976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33332992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        563.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        559.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     563.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     559.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    59522200000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       56955.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        65408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33480000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33331136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1098769.127604560228                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 562420352.131248116493                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 559919631.005212664604                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1022                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       523212                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       520828                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     27392750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14775269750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1465050423750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26803.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28239.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2812925.62                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             509824560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             270978180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1870151640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1359251460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4698922800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21035604330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5144724000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         34889456970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         586.097392                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13198276500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1987700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44342452500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             509967360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             271054080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1872257940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1359319320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4698922800.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       20706037170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5422254240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         34839812910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         585.263436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13924250250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1987700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  43616478750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1285062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1285070                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             529757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            529953                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41181479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41181479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41196405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41196405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1814819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1815023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.291906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.291981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77736.545246                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77736.545246                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77735.959604                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77735.959604                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                525279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        529757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40121965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40121965000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40136499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40136499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75736.545246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75736.545246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75735.959604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75735.959604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     529697                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1038281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    183017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    183017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1045108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26807.821884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26807.821884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24807.821884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24807.821884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             246781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           522930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40998462000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40998462000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         769711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.679385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78401.434226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78401.434226                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39952602000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39952602000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76401.434226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76401.434226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               162.241813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1797924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                529697                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.394250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   162.241813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.633757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.633757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2344976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2344976                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        525484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            528059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           528059                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37976341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38069233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37976341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38069233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          532568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         532568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.991533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36074.563107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72269.262242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72092.764256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36074.563107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72269.262242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72092.764256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523106                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36925373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37013115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36925373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37013115000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34074.563107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70269.262242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70092.764256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34074.563107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70269.262242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70092.764256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    529860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             40                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           528059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37976341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38069233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       529953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         532568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.991533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36074.563107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72269.262242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72092.764256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       525484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       528059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36925373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37013115000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34074.563107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70269.262242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70092.764256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       525279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              414.923947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1056663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               529860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.552020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.818848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.553079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.083109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.433240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.810398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1588219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1588219                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              532568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        525279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1585185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1590415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67534848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       167360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67702208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            13075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3158963000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2649765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59528429000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                62782178000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106724                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   173002                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    65.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              957195142                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.062782                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 62782178000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1110509                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11347155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1207392                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      980019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        260168                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9172099                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         62782178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   62782178                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5934978                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5610817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       986239                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    661                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           661                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        8317                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11461735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11461735                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22575477                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9532463                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1207070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186702                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     979632                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14978      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9126838     79.52%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   148331      1.29%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      100      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       84      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     145      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1207012     10.52%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  979402      8.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  58      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                230      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11477231                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            5259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2330                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2929                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           5259                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       523700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        524739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1039                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       523700                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       524739                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32220960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32283431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32220960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32283431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       529998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.990077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.990077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60126.082772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61525.606263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61522.835162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60126.082772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61525.606263                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61522.835162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       521028                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           521028                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       524739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       524739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31173560000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31233953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31173560000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31233953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58126.082772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59525.606263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59522.835162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58126.082772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59525.606263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59522.835162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                523287                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           5259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       523700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       524739                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32220960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32283431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.990077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60126.082772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61525.606263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61522.835162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       524739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31173560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31233953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.308400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58126.082772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59525.606263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59522.835162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       523926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1054.756600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1053924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           525663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.004942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    45.553159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   416.348360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   592.855082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.144740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.257509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.580078                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1579587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1579587                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9168685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9168685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9172099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36659.050967                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36659.050967                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36659.050967                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36659.050967                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34659.050967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34659.050967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34659.050967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34659.050967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3159                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9168685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9172099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36659.050967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36659.050967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34659.050967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34659.050967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               225.454416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9172099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               2686.613650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   225.454416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.880681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.880681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9175513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9175513                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              524739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             524739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       521028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1570506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1570506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1570506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     66929088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     66929088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                66929088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3129879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2775293500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           66496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33516800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33583296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        66496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          66496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33345792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33345792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           523700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               524739                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        521028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              521028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1059154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          533858510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              534917664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1059154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1059154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       531134680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             531134680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       531134680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1059154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         533858510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1066052344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    521011.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1039.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    523605.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005465138500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32556                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32556                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1553086                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              489501                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       524739                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      521028                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     524739                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    521028                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      95                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     17                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4979316500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2623220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14816391500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9490.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28240.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    452926                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   449618                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 524739                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                521028                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   524644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       143091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.678890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    439.122526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    114.634776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3083      2.15%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8640      6.04%      8.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3652      2.55%     10.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8895      6.22%     16.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       118642     82.91%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          108      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        143091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.112882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.031736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.091248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           32518     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             22      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              9      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.002918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.079300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32509     99.86%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      0.02%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                34      0.10%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33577216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33343424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33583296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33345792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        534.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        531.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     534.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     531.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    62769912000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60022.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        66496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33510720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33343424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1059154.080318781082                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 533761667.204345822334                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 531096961.943563103676                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1039                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       523700                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       521028                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     27835250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14788556250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1513055035250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26790.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28238.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2903980.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             510074460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             271111005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1871158380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1359846540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4955842320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21107421480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6333685920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36409140105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         579.927955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16288475000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2096380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44397323000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             511595280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             271919340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1874799780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1359726480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4955842320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21123135810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6320452800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36417471810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         580.060663                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16254641000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2096380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44431157000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1525263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1525271                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             531865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            532061                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41246228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41246228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41261154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41261154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2057128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2057332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.258547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.258617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77550.182847                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77550.182847                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77549.668177                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77549.668177                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                526327                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        531865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       532061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40182498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40182498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40197032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40197032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.258617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75550.182847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75550.182847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75549.668177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75549.668177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     531805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1198868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1207185                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25940.844054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25940.844054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23940.844054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23940.844054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             326395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           523548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41030478000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41030478000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         849943                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.615980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78370.040569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78370.040569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       523548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39983382000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39983382000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76370.040569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76370.040569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 8                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             196                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14926000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           204                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14534000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960784                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74153.061224                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               167.100924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2057332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                532061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  3.866722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   167.100924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.652738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.652738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2589393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2589393                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              45                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        526629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            529998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           529998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38019737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38123927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38019737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38123927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          535475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         535475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.989772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30926.090828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72194.537331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71932.209178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30926.090828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72194.537331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71932.209178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               523926                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36966479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37063931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36966479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37063931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28926.090828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70194.537331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69932.209178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28926.090828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70194.537331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69932.209178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    532318                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           529998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38019737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38123927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       532061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         535475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.989772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30926.090828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72194.537331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71932.209178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       526629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       529998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36966479000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37063931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.986819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.989791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28926.090828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70194.537331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69932.209178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       526327                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              419.955011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1061802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               532830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.346324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   212.071265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   160.537422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.092473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.414202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.313550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.820225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1594632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1594632                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              535475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        526327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1590449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1597277                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     67736832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       218496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 67955328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            17070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3167110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2660305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  62782178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
