
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4146522000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87374                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   195062                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              362290169                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004147                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4146522000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            216962                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      263485                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           105                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       79584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1370173                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           419                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4146511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4146511                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1518798                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              547151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       156490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 500168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        500168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               894107                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              456038                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       31544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1832042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1832042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3506430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1456919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      263330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        342902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      79572                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38784      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545608     69.23%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      327      0.01%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       861      0.04%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1833      0.08%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    18912      0.85%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   138067      6.18%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   115436      5.17%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23832      1.07%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4878      0.22%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 152      0.01%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 725      0.03%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   166961      7.48%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   56348      2.52%     94.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               96369      4.32%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23224      1.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2232561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    62                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6255                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7921                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14176                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1625                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4082                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    241950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    241950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.223573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.223573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60014.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58781.847782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59272.415483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60014.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58781.847782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59272.415483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               33                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58014.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56781.847782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57272.415483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58014.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56781.847782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57272.415483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   221                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97523000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.223573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60014.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58781.847782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59272.415483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.206218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58014.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56781.847782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57272.415483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2689.705950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.063348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.583091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1147.003556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1541.119304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.047031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.082083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.118103                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26738                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    334783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    334783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24097.243216                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24097.243216                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24097.243216                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24097.243216                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22097.243216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22097.243216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22097.243216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22097.243216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13637                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    334783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24097.243216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24097.243216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    306997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22097.243216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22097.243216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.165109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1335370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 97.922564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.165109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1384066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1384066                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       263360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       263360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  263360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21724750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          104000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          157248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              261248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       104000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         104000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25081261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           37922866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63004127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25081261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25081261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          509343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                509343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          509343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25081261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          37922866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63513470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        24.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1625.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2432.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9210                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4082                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          33                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4082                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        33                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        6.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      30109750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                106178500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7421.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26171.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3045                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4082                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    33                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     256.569170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    160.116067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    283.635338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           378     37.35%     37.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          302     29.84%     67.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          125     12.35%     79.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      4.74%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           21      2.08%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      2.17%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      3.75%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.99%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           68      6.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1012                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  259648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   261248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         62.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4140794000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1006268.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       104000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       155648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25081260.873570673168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37537000.888937771320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1625                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2457                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           33                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     43324500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     62854000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26661.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25581.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3541440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1882320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14929740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      326988480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         497824320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1173044160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2018210460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         486.723683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3044623500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    138320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    963578500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3684240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1958220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14037240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      326988480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         470738490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1195853280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2013259950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.529789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3104371750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    138320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    903830250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    340044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    405084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27765.493590                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27765.493590                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27132.217013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27132.217013                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    375226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25765.656896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25765.656896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25132.350971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25132.350971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14673                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163156000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20990.093915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20990.093915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147610000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147610000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18990.093915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18990.093915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176888000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    176888000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39536.879750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39536.879750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167942000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167942000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37537.326777                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37537.326777                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65040000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     65040000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24241.520686                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24241.520686                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     59674000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59674000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22241.520686                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22241.520686                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.887067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  337710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.015743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.887067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                357967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               357967                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    471140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    471140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           28823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          28823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.633487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24963.578680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26440.601214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25803.165562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24963.578680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26440.601214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25803.165562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    434624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    434624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22963.578680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24440.793911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23803.275097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22963.578680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24440.793911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23803.275097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    471140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          28823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24963.578680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26440.601214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25803.165562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22963.578680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24440.793911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23803.275097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.634770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.600336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.038705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   131.579089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   262.016976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.256990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.511752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                28823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               28822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   63102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1304704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             56108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            74645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4146522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8085542000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100855                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34273496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   214815                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              407712639                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000091                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008086                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8085542000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445671                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      518797                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      259180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2658065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8085531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8085531                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2591342                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1117181                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       322865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3807430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3807430                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7383134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3023114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      518555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        777719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 51207      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3092266     72.59%     73.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4004      0.09%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.03%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.06%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.48%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      3.51%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      2.93%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.68%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.12%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.01%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.03%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   413982      9.72%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216012      5.07%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      2.45%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      1.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4260140                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    99                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           30912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11846                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19066                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          30912                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3841                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5859                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    351540000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    351540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60021.348607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        60000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60021.348607                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        60000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    339822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    339822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58021.348607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58021.348607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   357                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          30912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    351540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60021.348607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        60000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222860000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58021.348607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3743.946776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.509804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.023557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1404.050630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2338.872589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.042848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.071377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.114256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.168427                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            51560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           51560                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491459000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    491459000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    491459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23183.121845                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23183.121845                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23183.121845                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23183.121845                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    449061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    449061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21183.121845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21183.121845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21183.121845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21183.121845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20943                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    491459000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    491459000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23183.121845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23183.121845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21183.121845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21183.121845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.033347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1902386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 90.836365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.033347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2679264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2679264                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       378432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       378432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  378432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6129000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31242250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          129152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          245824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              374976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       129152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         129152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15973203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30402909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46376112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15973203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15973203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          427430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                427430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          427430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15973203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30402909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46803541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        29.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2018.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3801.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13767                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          54                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       16.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      47538750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    29095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                156645000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8169.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26919.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4045                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5859                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    54                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     210.012408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.406236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.326404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           837     47.21%     47.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          509     28.71%     75.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          160      9.02%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      3.55%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           29      1.64%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.47%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      2.31%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.79%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94      5.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  372416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   374976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8082176000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1366848.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       129152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       243264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15973202.538555858657                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30086294.771581176668                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3841                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           54                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53691000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    102954000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26606.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26803.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4898040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2603370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20099100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      637996320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         802910550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2428713120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3897220500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.998671                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6305829500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    269880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1509832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7768320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4125165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21448560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      637996320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1439906640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1892295360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4003540365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.148051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4905312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    269880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2910349750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    703657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    703657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    773620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    773620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25285.935029                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25285.935029                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25284.178187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25284.178187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    648003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    648003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    712428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23286.006900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23286.006900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23284.243553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23284.243553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      30340                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20060.361963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20060.361963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18060.466576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18060.466576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    320143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36755.797933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36755.797933                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302723000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302723000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34755.797933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34755.797933                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.326599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  678715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 30340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.370303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.326599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                808527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               808527                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    817845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    817845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           51796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          51796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21436.381997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22727.911647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22240.971391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21436.381997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22727.911647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22240.971391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474837000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    744303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474837000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    744303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19436.381997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20727.998952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20241.025780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19436.381997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20727.998952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20241.025780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42555                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    817845000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          51796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21436.381997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22727.911647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22240.971391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474837000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19436.381997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20727.998952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20241.025780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.658718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  61633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.448314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.221164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   133.560789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   266.876765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.205510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.260861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.521244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               105555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              105555                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                51796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               51795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  114283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1356736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3999168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           105995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            105256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           152980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8085542000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11713332000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107607                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34273496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225248                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              420127879                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011713                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11713332000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            672950                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      786660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      425871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           191                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3915842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11713321                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11713321                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3586207                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1677647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       489509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       95327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5812202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5812202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11317218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4638970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      786339                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1212194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     425855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 61291      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4662573     74.24%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9058      0.14%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.04%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.32%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      2.38%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.99%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.46%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.08%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681766     10.86%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  382703      6.09%     97.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.67%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6280060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   101                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           41720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11874                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29846                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          41720                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4471                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6489                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    392842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    392842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.134601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.134601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60801.610378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60801.610378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    379864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58801.610378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58801.610378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   484                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          41720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    392842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.134601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60801.610378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58801.610378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58539.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4375.927257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.508264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.706547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1496.937781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2878.282929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.087838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.133543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.183777                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            64507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           64507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    492082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    492082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23175.340272                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23175.340272                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23175.340272                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23175.340272                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    449616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    449616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21175.340272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21175.340272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21175.340272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21175.340272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20977                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    492082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23175.340272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23175.340272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21175.340272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21175.340272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.642448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2094950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.868904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.642448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3937075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3937075                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6489                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       418752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       418752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  418752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6759000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34664750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          129152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          286144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              415296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       129152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         129152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11026068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24428916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               35454984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11026068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11026068                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          295048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                295048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          295048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11026068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24428916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              35750033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        29.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2018.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4431.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15959                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6489                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          54                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6489                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      55965750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                176884500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8678.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27428.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4212                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6489                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    54                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.504247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.201921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    234.859932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1134     50.69%     50.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          676     30.22%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          160      7.15%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      2.82%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           29      1.30%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.16%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      1.83%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.63%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94      4.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  412736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   415296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         35.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      35.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11708784000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1789513.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       129152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       283584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11026068.415033400059                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24210361.321611989290                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4471                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           54                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53691000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    123193500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26606.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27553.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6168960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3278880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21834120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      924418560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1251529620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3444000000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5651230140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.461365                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8940861250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    391040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2381430750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9803220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5210535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24211740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      924418560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2123451780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2709749760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5796845595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.892964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7023620250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    391040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4298671750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    970496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    970496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1040459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1040459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24320.160381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24320.160381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24381.567231                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24381.567231                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    890688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    955113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    955113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22320.210500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22320.210500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22381.614098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22381.614098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42417                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    592560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19632.893778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19632.893778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    532198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17632.960042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17632.960042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    377936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38870.307518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38870.307518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358490000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358490000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36870.307518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36870.307518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.774020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1173886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.674894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.774020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1255149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1255149                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1006581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1006581000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           63907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          63907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.754377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21419.378059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20660.382307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20879.091475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21419.378059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20660.382307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20879.091475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    640389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    910163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    640389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    910163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19419.378059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18660.440585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18879.132960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19419.378059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18660.440585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18879.132960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1006581000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          63907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21419.378059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20660.382307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20879.091475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269774000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    640389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    910163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19419.378059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18660.440585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18879.132960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.622706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.372349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.430623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    95.287846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   305.904237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.186109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.597469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               130790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              130790                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                63907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               63906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  139719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3493056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1358912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4851968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           213365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11713332000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15337916000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112357                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34273496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233133                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              430824731                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015338                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15337916000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            900207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1054468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      592546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5173473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15337905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15337905                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4581005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2238104                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       656143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      125665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7816893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7816893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15251076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6254782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1054070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1646600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     592530                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71378      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6232865     75.10%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    14111      0.17%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.25%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.80%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.51%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.35%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.06%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   949497     11.44%     91.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  549378      6.62%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.26%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8299898                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   102                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        40592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11894                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        40592                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52486                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5102                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7120                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    435116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    435116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61567.620541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61111.797753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61567.620541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61111.797753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    420876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119451                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119451                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59567.620541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59111.797753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59567.620541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59111.797753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   650                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        40592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    435116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61567.620541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61111.797753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303914000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.145055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59567.620541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59111.797753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4818.119588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.447692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.539579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1506.251887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3311.328122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.101054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.147037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.197968                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            77379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           77379                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    492554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    492554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23169.198928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23169.198928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23169.198928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23169.198928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21169.198928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21169.198928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21169.198928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21169.198928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21003                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    492554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    492554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23169.198928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23169.198928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21169.198928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21169.198928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.963258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2341751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                111.496024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.963258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5194732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5194732                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7120                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       459136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       459136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  459136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38093250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          129152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          326528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              455680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       129152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         129152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8420440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21288942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               29709382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8420440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8420440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          225324                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                225324                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          225324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8420440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21288942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              29934706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        29.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2018.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5062.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18151                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7120                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          54                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      65312000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    35400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                198062000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9224.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27974.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4375                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7120                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    54                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     167.550296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.629996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    217.180668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1438     53.18%     53.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          839     31.03%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          160      5.92%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      2.33%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           29      1.07%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.96%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      1.52%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.52%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94      3.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  453120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   455680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         29.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      29.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15336102000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2137733.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       129152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       323968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8420439.908524731174                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21122035.092642311007                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5102                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           54                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53691000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    144371000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26606.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28296.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9510480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5051145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26339460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1210226160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2332197180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3925804320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7509128745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.579467                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10182543500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    511940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4643432500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9803220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5210535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24211740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1210226160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2175666630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4057619520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7482737805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.858833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10527304250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    511940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4298671750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1234182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1234182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1304145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1304145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23864.606698                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23864.606698                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23935.853905                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23935.853905                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1130752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1130752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1195177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1195177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21864.645371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21864.645371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21935.890612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21935.890612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      54228                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    799056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19447.903230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19447.903230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    716884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17447.951907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17447.951907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435126000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    435126000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40937.623483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40937.623483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413868000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413868000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38937.623483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38937.623483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.536368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1532555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 54228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.261323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.536368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1701433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1701433                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         45695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297818000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    897936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1195754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    897936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1195754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.786953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21407.274296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19650.640114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20060.630463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21407.274296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19650.640114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20060.630463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    806548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1076542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    806548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1076542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.274296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17650.683882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18060.664016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.274296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17650.683882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18060.664016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     66296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297818000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    897936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1195754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21407.274296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19650.640114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20060.630463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    806548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1076542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19407.274296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17650.683882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18060.664016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.657127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  87583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                66296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.321090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.426980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    73.938970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   335.291177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.194193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.144412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.654866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               155410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              155410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  164345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4309888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5670464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            140034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           272420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15337916000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18963196000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119646                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34273496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   246940                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              453767097                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000052                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018963                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18963196000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1127486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1322331                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      759238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6431251                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18963185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18963185                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5575870                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2798570                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822787                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      156019                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9821666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9821666                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19185164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7870638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1321854                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2081076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     759222                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 81462      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7803172     75.61%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19165      0.19%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.20%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.45%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.21%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.28%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1217281     11.80%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  716070      6.94%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.01%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10319819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   104                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        51294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11918                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        51294                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63212                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5732                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    476593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    476593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62036.810886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61495.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62036.810886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61495.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    461093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    461093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60036.810886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59495.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60036.810886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59495.870968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   743                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        51294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    476593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100516                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.109213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.365709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62036.810886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61495.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.365709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60036.810886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59495.870968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5190.118803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.271871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.436425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1490.389206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3699.293172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.112893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.158390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.214355                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            90388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           90388                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    493162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    493162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23160.757056                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23160.757056                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23160.757056                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23160.757056                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    450576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    450576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21160.757056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21160.757056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21160.757056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21160.757056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21037                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    493162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23160.757056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23160.757056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21160.757056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21160.757056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.161457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2534315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                120.469411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.161457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6452544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6452544                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       499456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       499456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  499456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41516000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          129152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          366848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              496000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       129152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         129152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6810666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19345262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26155929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6810666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6810666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          182248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                182248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          182248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6810666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19345262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26338176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        29.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2018.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5692.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20343                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7750                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          54                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7750                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73913750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                218476250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9586.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28336.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4538                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7750                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    54                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     155.590035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.579522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    202.939480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1742     54.94%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1002     31.60%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          160      5.05%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      1.99%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           29      0.91%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.82%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      1.29%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.44%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94      2.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  493440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   496000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18960025000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2429526.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       129152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       364288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6810666.303296132013                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19210263.923865996301                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2018                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5732                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           54                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53691000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    164785250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26606.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28748.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10310160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5479980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             27410460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1496648400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2628070500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5068755360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9236674860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.084290                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13150963250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    633100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5179132750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12337920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6553965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27638940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1496648400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3014548740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4743300000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9301027965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.477869                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12301482750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    633100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6028613250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1498170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1498170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1568133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1568133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23551.688361                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23551.688361                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23623.220500                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23623.220500                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1370948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1370948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1435373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1435373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21551.719801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21551.719801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21623.250629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21623.250629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66124                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1005428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1005428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19337.385083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19337.385083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    901442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    901442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17337.423549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17337.423549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492742000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    492742000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42411.946979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42411.946979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469506000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469506000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40411.946979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40411.946979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.007352                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2048357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.977512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.007352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2147874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2147874                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1085469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1383599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1085469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1383599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           87674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          87674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.809396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21392.795637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19034.299542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19497.470513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21392.795637                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19034.299542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19497.470513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    971417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1241675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    971417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1241675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19392.795637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17034.334613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17497.498697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19392.795637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17034.334613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17497.498697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1085469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1383599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          87674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21392.795637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19034.299542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19497.470513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    971417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1241675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19392.795637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17034.334613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17497.498697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.296199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.287085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.076175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    60.880505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   346.339520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.199368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.118907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.676444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               180471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              180471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                87674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               87673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       146780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1362752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6508288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            157769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           331900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18963196000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22591243000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123753                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34273496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   254509                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              465948190                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022591                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22591243000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1590195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      925931                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           249                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7689054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22591232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22591232                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6570770                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3359052                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       989437                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      186375                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11826487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11826487                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23119334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9486532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1589640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2515555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     925915                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 91545      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9373524     75.96%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24219      0.20%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.17%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.21%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.23%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1485067     12.03%     91.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  882763      7.15%     98.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.85%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12339787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   106                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        62100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           74049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11949                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        62100                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          74049                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6362                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8381                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398049000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    519113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398049000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    519113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        82430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        82430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59962.357603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62566.645709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61939.267391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59962.357603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62566.645709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61939.267391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               54                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502351000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57962.357603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60566.645709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59939.267391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57962.357603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60566.645709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59939.267391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   871                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        62100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          74049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    519113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        82430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59962.357603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62566.645709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61939.267391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57962.357603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60566.645709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59939.267391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5528.164754                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.390356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.366337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1463.739018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4064.059399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.044670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.124025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.168706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.229706                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           103374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          103374                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    493956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    493956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23154.549290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23154.549290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23154.549290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23154.549290                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21154.549290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21154.549290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21154.549290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21154.549290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21077                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    493956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23154.549290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23154.549290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21154.549290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21154.549290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.296123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2890741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                137.151445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.296123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7710387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7710387                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       539840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       539840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  539840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8651000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44940750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          129216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          407168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              536384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       129216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         129216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  54                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5719738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18023267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23743005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5719738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5719738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          152980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                152980                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          152980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5719738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18023267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23895985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        29.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2019.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6322.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22537                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          54                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      83509750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                239903500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10011.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28761.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4701                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8381                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    54                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     146.654945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.947388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    191.144338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2048     56.26%     56.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1165     32.01%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          160      4.40%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      1.73%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           29      0.80%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.71%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      1.13%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.38%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94      2.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  533824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   536384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22586695000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2677735.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       129216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       404608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5719738.395979362540                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17909948.558386094868                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2019                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6362                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           54                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53723500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    186180000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26608.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29264.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10795680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5738040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28067340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1783070640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2829144270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6292600320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10949416290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.675247                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16330682000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    754260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5506301000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15193920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8075760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31487400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1783070640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3958217370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5341801920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11137847010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.016122                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13847991500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    754260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7988991500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1764855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1764855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1834818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1834818000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23346.186917                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23346.186917                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23414.042162                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23414.042162                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1613667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1613667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1678092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1678092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21346.213374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21346.213374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21414.067684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21414.067684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      78107                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1214330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1214330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19262.237873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19262.237873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1088248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17262.269598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17262.269598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550525000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    550525000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43856.050347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43856.050347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525419000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    525419000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41856.050347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41856.050347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.327362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2429845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 78107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.109184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.327362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2594405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2594405                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         68463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             82431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            82431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1275331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1573941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1275331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1573941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.826815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21378.150057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18628.032660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19094.042290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21378.150057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18628.032660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19094.042290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1138407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1409081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1138407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1409081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19378.150057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16628.061873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17094.066553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19378.150057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16628.061873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17094.066553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90210                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            82431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1275331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1573941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21378.150057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18628.032660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19094.042290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1138407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1409081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19378.150057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16628.061873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17094.066553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.730417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                90210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.261279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.422296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    52.016127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   356.291995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.695883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               205545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              205545                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  214519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5983296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7348608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            175327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           391815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22591243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26218895000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131152                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34273496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   269039                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              491236020                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026219                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26218895000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1582034                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1858003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1092604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8946663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26218895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26218895                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7565587                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3919500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1156075                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      216715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13831129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13831129                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            27053096                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11102293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1857371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2949959                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1092588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                101632      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10943770     76.21%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    29271      0.20%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.14%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.04%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      0.87%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.20%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1752798     12.21%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1049436      7.31%     98.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.73%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14359576                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        72949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           84920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11971                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        72949                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          84920                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2020                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6993                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9013                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    440543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    561673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    440543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    561673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        93933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59965.346535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62997.711998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62318.096083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59965.346535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62997.711998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62318.096083                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           55                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               55                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117090000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    543647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117090000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    543647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57965.346535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60997.711998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60318.096083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57965.346535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60997.711998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60318.096083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1007                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        72949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          84920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2020                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    440543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    561673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59965.346535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62997.711998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62318.096083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117090000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    543647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.144379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57965.346535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60997.711998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60318.096083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5837.872644                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             107414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.893921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.390564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1422.498195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4414.983885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.043411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.134735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.178158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.244873                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116445                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    494534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    494534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23151.256964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23151.256964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23151.256964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23151.256964                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21151.256964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21151.256964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21151.256964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21151.256964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21105                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    494534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23151.256964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23151.256964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21151.256964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21151.256964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.393512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8946663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                418.831656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.393512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8968024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8968024                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           55                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18081                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9288000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           48374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          129280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          447552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              576832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       129280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         129280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            55                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  55                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4930795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17069827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               22000622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4930795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4930795                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          134254                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                134254                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          134254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4930795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17069827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              22134876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        30.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2020.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6953.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24734                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9013                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          55                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9013                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        55                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      93090500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    44865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                261334250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10374.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29124.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4862                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9013                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    55                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     139.709976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    100.184502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    181.207592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2357     57.35%     57.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1326     32.26%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          160      3.89%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      1.53%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           29      0.71%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      0.63%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      1.00%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.34%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           94      2.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  574272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   576832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      22.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26217630000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2891225.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       129280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       444992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4930795.138391606510                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16972187.424374673516                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2020                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6993                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           55                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     53756000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    207578250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26611.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29683.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14115780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7498920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32529840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2069492880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3902289540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6781917120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12807844080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.496715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17591968250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    875420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7751506750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15236760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8098530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31537380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2069492880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4021184700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6681794880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12827345130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.240494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17331064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    875420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8012410250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2031934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2031934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2101897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2101897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23198.506662                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23198.506662                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23261.880520                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23261.880520                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1856756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1856756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1921181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1921181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21198.506662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21198.506662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21261.880520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21261.880520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      90102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1423363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1423363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19212.307319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19212.307319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1275191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1275191000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17212.307319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17212.307319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608571000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    608571000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45069.317929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45069.317929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581565000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    581565000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43069.317929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43069.317929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     69963000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64425000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23266.522210                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.558788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2950513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 90358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.653589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.558788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3040871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3040871                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         79942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             93933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            93933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1465803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1764776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1465803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1764776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.840797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21368.951469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18335.830977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18787.603930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21368.951469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18335.830977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18787.603930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1305919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1305919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19368.951469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16335.830977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16787.603930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19368.951469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16335.830977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16787.603930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    102179                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            93933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1465803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1764776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21368.951469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18335.830977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18787.603930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270991000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1305919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19368.951469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16335.830977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16787.603930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.044437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               102691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.245630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.997551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.500610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   368.546276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.719817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230606                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16196                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       196912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6819456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8186560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            192699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           451790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26218895000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
