
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6375375000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  72212                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   120480                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              460343697                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000050                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006375                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6375375000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            148314                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000050                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1668544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      161924                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      367258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1335853                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6375364                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6375364                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               897152                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              778518                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       111281                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 271916                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        271916                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               268592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7053                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       32285                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1663090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1663090                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3550379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1145575                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      161898                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        529154                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     367256                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   924      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1133677     67.92%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     67.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.19%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.05%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.02%     68.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     483      0.03%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 274      0.02%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                137      0.01%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     68.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   159718      9.57%     77.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  102820      6.16%     84.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2180      0.13%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436     15.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1669072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1410                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1282                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2692                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34346                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35117                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1965419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1965419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        37809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        37809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.928800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.928800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55878.122634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55967.736424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55878.122634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55967.736424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353508                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353508                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53878.122634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53967.736424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53878.122634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53967.736424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   114                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1410                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919190000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1965419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        37809                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.928800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55878.122634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55967.736424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.353508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.964017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53878.122634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53967.736424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        20291.844929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.766159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   686.715774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 19600.362997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.299078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.309629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        35033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        34850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.534561                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           107461                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          107461                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1330368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1330368                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               5485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              5485                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    135735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    135735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1335853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24746.581586                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24746.581586                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24746.581586                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24746.581586                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          5485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124765000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124765000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22746.581586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22746.581586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22746.581586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22746.581586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5251                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1330368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              5485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    135735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1335853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24746.581586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24746.581586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22746.581586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22746.581586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               231.227732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  255412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 48.640640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.227732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.903233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.903233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1341338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1341338                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        70240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        70240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  70240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2247872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2247872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2247872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35147000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185121500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2198144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2247488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7739780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          344786620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              352526400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7739780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7739780                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           60232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 60232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           60232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7739780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         344786620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             352586632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       771.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                71872                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35117                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138634250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                797040500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3948.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22698.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32019                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35117                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     6                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     725.891473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    554.776783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.401269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           267      8.62%      8.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      8.01%     16.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312     10.08%     26.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      2.94%     29.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      8.85%     38.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      2.00%     40.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      2.00%     42.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      1.91%     44.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1721     55.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2247360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2247488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        352.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     352.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6127436000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      174456.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2198016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7739780.012940415181                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 344766543.144520938396                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          771                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34346                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            6                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20528000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    776512500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26625.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22608.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9674700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5142225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121058700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      502775520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         990763740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1613816640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3243231525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.712276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4178066250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    212680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1984628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12430740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6607095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129662400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      502775520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1734263190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         987711840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3373450785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         529.137625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2543737500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    212680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3618957500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               489211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              489212                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             39442                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2551415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2551415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2584633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2584633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           528214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          528654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.073839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.074608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65415.865446                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65415.865446                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65529.968054                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65529.968054                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35944                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2473411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2473411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2505751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2505751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63415.916724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63415.916724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63530.018762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63530.018762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      39185                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              156677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          161484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.029768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19453.921365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19453.921365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     83903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17454.337425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17454.337425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             332534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2457900000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2457900000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         366730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.093246                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71876.827699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71876.827699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2389508000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2389508000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093246                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69876.827699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69876.827699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.848583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  509048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 39185                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 12.990889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.848583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                568095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               568095                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          2181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             37810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            37810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2313662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2386702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2313662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2386702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           44927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          44927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.841587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33489.225126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64937.607006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63123.565194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33489.225126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64937.607006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63123.565194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34505                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2242406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2311084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2242406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2311084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31489.225126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62937.663140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61123.618090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31489.225126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62937.663140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61123.618090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38916                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            37810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2313662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2386702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          44927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.841587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33489.225126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64937.607006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63123.565194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2242406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2311084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.397630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.903326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31489.225126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62937.663140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61123.618090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35944                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.613088                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.009199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.861054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    26.299639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   435.452395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.077854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.051366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.850493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.979713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          278                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120299                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                44927                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               44926                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35944                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       114827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  125797                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4824640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5175680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            27425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            224647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           197205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6375375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10095483000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92931                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   148147                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              469012723                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010095                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10095483000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            255920                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3188856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      467884                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      501176                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2654204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10095472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10095472                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1751771                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1639958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       174997                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 274220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        274220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               271664                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                8973                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       73502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3180344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3180344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7038725                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2420537                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467859                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        969033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     501174                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1872      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2211626     69.34%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.10%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.03%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     69.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     867      0.03%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     69.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1042      0.03%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     69.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                521      0.02%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     69.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   464911     14.58%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  236738      7.42%     91.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2948      0.09%     91.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      8.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3189384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2549                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10824                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35118                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1965442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1965442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        45942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        45942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.930914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.764399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.930914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.764399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55877.165400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55966.797654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55877.165400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55966.797654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895206000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895206000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.930914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.930914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53877.165400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53966.797654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53877.165400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53966.797654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   115                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1965442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        45942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.930914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.764399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55877.165400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55966.797654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.930914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53877.165400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53966.797654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34864                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        25723.847430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.643478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    13.696143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   692.381506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 25017.769781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.381741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.392515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        35033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        34441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.534561                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           115954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          115954                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2641853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2641853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              12351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             12351                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    266170000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    266170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2654204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21550.481742                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.481742                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21550.481742                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.481742                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    241470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    241470000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19550.643673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19550.643673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19550.643673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19550.643673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      12116                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2641853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             12351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266170000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2654204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21550.481742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.481742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    241470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241470000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19550.643673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19550.643673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.249292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  491126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 12116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.535325                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.249292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.907224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.907224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2666554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2666554                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        70242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        70242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  70242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35148000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185126500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2198208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2247552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4887730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          217741737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              222629467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4887730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4887730                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           38037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 38037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           38037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4887730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         217741737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             222667504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       771.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                72828                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35118                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        2.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138634250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                797040500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3948.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22698.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32019                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35118                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     6                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     725.891473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    554.776783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.401269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           267      8.62%      8.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      8.01%     16.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312     10.08%     26.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      2.94%     29.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      8.85%     38.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      2.00%     40.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      2.00%     42.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      1.91%     44.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1721     55.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2247360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2247552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        222.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     222.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6714675000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      191170.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2198016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4887730.483028895222                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 217722718.170096457005                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          771                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34347                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            6                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20528000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    776512500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26625.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22607.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9674700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5142225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121058700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      796573440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1044438360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2997138720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4974026145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.698184                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7773894250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    336960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1984628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12430740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6607095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129662400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      796573440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1787937810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2371033920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5104245405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.596949                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6139565500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    336960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3618957500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               924554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              924555                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43977                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2624548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2624548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2657766000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2657766000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           968092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          968532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60281.776839                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60281.776839                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60435.363940                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60435.363940                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2537472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2537472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2569812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2569812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58281.776839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58281.776839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58435.363940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58435.363940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43721                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              458537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          467444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17961.041877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17961.041877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15961.041877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15961.041877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             466017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34631                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2464569000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2464569000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.069172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71166.555976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71166.555976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34631                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2395307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2395307000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69166.555976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69166.555976                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.378348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  926116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.182407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.378348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1012509                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1012509                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             45943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            45943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2330167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2492452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2330167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2492452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           56328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          56328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.815633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17937.990494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63155.003252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54250.963150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17937.990494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63155.003252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54250.963150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34864                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2256375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2400568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2256375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2400568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15938.211562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61155.003252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52251.006682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15938.211562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61155.003252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52251.006682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47359                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            45943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2330167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2492452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          56328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.815633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17937.990494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63155.003252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54250.963150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2256375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2400568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15938.211562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61155.003252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52251.006682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.440585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.868473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    61.869131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    22.314042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   421.257413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.120838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.043582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.822768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140648                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                56328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               56327                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       124403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  149104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5147264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            61750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            238573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10095483000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13815950000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101769                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   159754                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468624028                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000297                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013816                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13815950000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364093                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000297                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4709850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774022                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      634790                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3971831                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13815939                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13815939                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2609286                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2501190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       239375                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276614                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276614                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               274856                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      114614                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4698256                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4698256                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10526373                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3695864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      773997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1408785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     634788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2811      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3290333     69.85%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     69.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.07%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     69.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.02%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.01%     70.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1266      0.03%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1840      0.04%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                920      0.02%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   770251     16.35%     86.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  370352      7.86%     94.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3746      0.08%     94.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      5.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4710378                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15127                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3634                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18761                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35118                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1965442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1965442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        53879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        53879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.904321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.651794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.904321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.651794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55877.165400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55966.797654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55877.165400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55966.797654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895206000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895206000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.904321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.904321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53877.165400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53966.797654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53877.165400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53966.797654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   115                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1965442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        53879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.904321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.651794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59959.792477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55877.165400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55966.797654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.904321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57959.792477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53877.165400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53966.797654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35146                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        28230.688793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.643478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    17.817285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   694.971649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 27517.899859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.419890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.430766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        35033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.534561                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           124173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          124173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3952628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3952628                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19203                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    396358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    396358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3971831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20640.420768                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20640.420768                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20640.420768                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20640.420768                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    357954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    357954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    357954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18640.524918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18640.524918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18640.524918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18640.524918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18968                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3952628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    396358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    396358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3971831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20640.420768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20640.420768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    357954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18640.524918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18640.524918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.720736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  726378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.294918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.720736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.909065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3991033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3991033                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        70242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        70242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  70242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2247936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35148000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185126500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2198208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2247552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3571524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          159106540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              162678064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3571524                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3571524                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           27794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 27794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           27794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3571524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         159106540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             162705858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       771.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                73784                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35118                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138634250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                797040500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3948.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22698.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32019                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35118                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     6                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     725.891473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    554.776783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.401269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           267      8.62%      8.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      8.01%     16.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312     10.08%     26.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      2.94%     29.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      8.85%     38.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      2.00%     40.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      2.00%     42.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      1.91%     44.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1721     55.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2247360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2247552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        162.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     162.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     6714675000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      191170.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2198016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3571524.216575769242                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 159092642.923577457666                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          771                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34347                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            6                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20528000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    776512500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26625.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22607.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9674700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5142225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121058700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1090371360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1098112980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4380598080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6704958045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.305610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11370081250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    461240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1984628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12430740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6607095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129662400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1090371360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1841612430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3754493280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6835177305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.730895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9735752500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    461240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3618957500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1359536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1359537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              48308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             48747                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2700473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2700473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2733691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2733691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1407844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1408284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55901.155088                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55901.155088                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56079.163846                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56079.163846                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37194                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2603857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2603857000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2636197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2636197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53901.155088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53901.155088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54079.163846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54079.163846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      48491                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              760608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          773582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17350.084785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17350.084785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15350.084785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15350.084785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             598928                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35334                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2475373000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2475373000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         634262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.055709                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70056.404596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70056.404596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35334                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2404705000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2404705000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68056.404596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68056.404596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.084327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1368649                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 48491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.224805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.084327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1457031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1457031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14070                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             53880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            53880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2344272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2595633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2344272000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2595633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.792936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15809.862255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61722.229536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48174.331849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15809.862255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61722.229536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48174.331849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35146                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219565000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2268310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2487875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2268310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2487875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13809.988050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59722.229536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46174.368968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13809.988050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59722.229536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46174.368968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55517                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            53880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2344272000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2595633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        48747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.792936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15809.862255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61722.229536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48174.331849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2268310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2487875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.827944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.779145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.792936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13809.988050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59722.229536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46174.368968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37194                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.206956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  99955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.800440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.857312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.580401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   414.769243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.038243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.810096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               161173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              161173                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67949                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       134688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        38405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  173093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5500224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1228928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6729152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            96010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            253920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           243735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13815950000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17577176000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109416                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   170418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              480800679                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000009                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017577                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17577176000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            472895                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000009                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6230154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1079986                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      767985                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1070                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5289764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17577165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17577165                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3466072                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3361292                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       304755                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 277652                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        277652                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               276240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      155585                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6215936                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6215936                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14013525                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4971201                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1079961                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1847944                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     767983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3862      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4369735     70.13%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.05%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1439      0.02%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2186      0.04%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1093      0.02%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1075869     17.27%     87.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  503547      8.08%     95.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4092      0.07%     95.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      4.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6230682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        21959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        21959                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5610                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27569                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35121                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1965554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1965554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        62690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        62690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.560233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.560233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59967.616580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55875.251099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55965.206002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59967.616580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55875.251099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55965.206002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57967.616580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53875.251099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53965.206002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57967.616580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53875.251099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53965.206002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   118                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        21959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1965554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        62690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.560233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59967.616580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55875.251099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55965.206002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.033962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57967.616580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53875.251099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53965.206002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35369                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        29686.271292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            26.406780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    20.210202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   696.295791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 28969.765299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.442044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.452977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        35033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.534561                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           133210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          133210                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5263728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5263728                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              26036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             26036                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    526249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    526249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5289764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20212.359809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20212.359809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20212.359809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20212.359809                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    474179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    474179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18212.436626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18212.436626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18212.436626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18212.436626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      25801                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5263728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             26036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    526249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    526249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5289764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20212.359809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20212.359809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18212.436626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18212.436626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               232.994477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  960962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 25801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.245146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.994477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315799                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315799                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        70248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        70248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  70248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2248128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2248128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2248128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2198336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2247744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2810918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          125067645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              127878563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2810918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2810918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           21847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 21847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           21847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2810918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         125067645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             127900409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                74752                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35121                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35121                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        4.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138648000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                797073000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3948.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22698.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32019                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35121                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     6                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     725.677753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    554.390046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.531033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           268      8.65%      8.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      8.01%     16.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312     10.07%     26.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      2.94%     29.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      8.85%     38.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      2.00%     40.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      2.00%     42.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      1.91%     44.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1721     55.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2247424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2247744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        127.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     127.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14433072000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      410882.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2198016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2810917.976812657434                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 125049439.113541334867                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34349                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            6                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20560500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    776512500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26632.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22606.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9674700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5142225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121058700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1387242480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1152349050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5779236480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8454703635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.004664                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15005727250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    586820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1984628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12437880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6610890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129669540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1387242480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1897044360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5152124640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8585129790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.424864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13368762250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    586820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3621593750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1790996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1790997                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56446                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2823912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2823912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2857130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2857130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1847003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1847443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50420.697413                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50420.697413                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50617.049924                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50617.049924                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37793                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2711898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2711898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2744238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2744238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48420.697413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48420.697413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48617.049924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48617.049924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56190                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1059447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             20099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    339777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1079546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16905.169411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16905.169411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    299579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    299579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14905.169411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14905.169411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             731549                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2484135000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2484135000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         767457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.046788                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69180.544725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69180.544725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35908                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2412319000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2412319000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046788                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67180.544725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67180.544725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.494250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1761194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.343549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.494250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1903889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1903889                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         39959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62691                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2370028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2710282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2370028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2710282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           82482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          82482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.760057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14968.062643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59311.494282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43232.393805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14968.062643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59311.494282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43232.393805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35369                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2290110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2584902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2290110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2584902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12968.150625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57311.494282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41232.425707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12968.150625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57311.494282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41232.425707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64492                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2370028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2710282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          82482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.760057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14968.062643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59311.494282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43232.393805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2290110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2584902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.707916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12968.150625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57311.494282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41232.425707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37793                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.232588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.755753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.222334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.356293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.653962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.807918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               185279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              185279                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                82482                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               82481                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37793                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       150685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  202756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6031296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1666240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7697536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           130175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            271447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           282230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17577176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21324938000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113906                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   176599                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485790680                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000153                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021325                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21324938000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            582428                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7752207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1386402                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      901082                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6607650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21324927                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21324927                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4325694                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4222118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       370925                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 278396                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        278396                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               277232                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               12453                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      196550                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7735467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7735467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17502796                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6247854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1386377                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2287457                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     901080                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  4938      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5450703     70.31%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.04%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1563      0.02%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                2434      0.03%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1217      0.02%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1382037     17.83%     88.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636644      8.21%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4340      0.06%     96.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      3.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7752735                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28782                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7506                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36288                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35121                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1965554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1965554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        71409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        71409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.491829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.491829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59967.616580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55875.251099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55965.206002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59967.616580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55875.251099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55965.206002                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44751000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44751000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57967.616580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53875.251099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53965.206002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57967.616580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53875.251099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53965.206002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   118                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1965554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        71409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.491829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59967.616580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55875.251099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55965.206002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.820667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57967.616580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53875.251099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53965.206002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35554                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        30625.934830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            26.406780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.754970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   697.122535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 29907.057326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.456345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.467315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        35033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35031                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.534561                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           142114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          142114                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6574791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6574791                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              32859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             32859                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    655886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    655886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    655886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    655886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6607650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19960.619617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19960.619617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19960.619617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19960.619617                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    590170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    590170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17960.680483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17960.680483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17960.680483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17960.680483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      32624                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6574791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             32859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    655886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    655886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6607650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19960.619617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19960.619617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    590170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    590170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17960.680483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17960.680483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.171194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1195234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 32624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.636648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.171194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.910825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6640508                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6640508                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        70248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        70248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  70248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2248128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2248128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2248128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2198336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2247744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2316912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          103087568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              105404480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2316912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2316912                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           18007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 18007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           18007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2316912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         103087568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             105422487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75714                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35121                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35121                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        4.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138648000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175580000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                797073000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3948.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22698.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32019                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35121                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     6                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     725.677753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    554.390046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.531033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           268      8.65%      8.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      8.01%     16.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312     10.07%     26.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      2.94%     29.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      8.85%     38.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      2.00%     40.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      2.00%     42.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      1.91%     44.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1721     55.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2247424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2247744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        105.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     105.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14433072000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      410882.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2198016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2316911.777187816333                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 103072562.274272486567                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34349                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            6                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20560500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    776512500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26632.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22606.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9674700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5142225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121058700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1682884320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1206360540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7172893920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10198014405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         478.220120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18628429250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    711880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1984628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12437880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6610890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129669540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1682884320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1951055850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6545782080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10328440560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.336253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16991464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    711880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3621593750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2223844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2223845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63111                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2931471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2931471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2964689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2964689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2286516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2286956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46774.811718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46774.811718                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46975.788690                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46975.788690                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38099                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2806127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2806127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2838467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2838467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44774.811718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44774.811718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44975.788690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44975.788690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62855                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1359499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             26463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    442677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    442677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1385962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16728.148736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16728.148736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14728.148736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14728.148736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             864345                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36209                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2488794000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2488794000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         900554                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.040207                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68734.126875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68734.126875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2416376000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2416376000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040207                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66734.126875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66734.126875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.758878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2226705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.426060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.758878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2350067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2350067                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             71410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            71410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2394676000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2823629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2394676000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2823629000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           95970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          95970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.744087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14513.720183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57213.618445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39541.086683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14513.720183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57213.618445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39541.086683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35554                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2310966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2680811000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2310966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2680811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12513.787853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55213.618445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37541.114690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12513.787853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55213.618445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37541.114690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73358                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            71410                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2394676000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2823629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        32859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          95970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.744087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14513.720183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57213.618445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39541.086683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2310966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2680811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.899449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.663197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12513.787853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55213.618445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37541.114690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38099                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.894694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 124890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                73358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.702473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    81.895167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    14.022949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   412.976578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.159951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.806595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               207939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              207939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                95970                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               95969                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38099                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       164321                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  230038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6477440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8580352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           164290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            286465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           315555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21324938000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25062260000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119750                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185075                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500180963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025062                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25062260000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9273449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1692486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1034345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7925772                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25062249                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25062249                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5184053                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5082588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       436090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 280166                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        280166                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               279592                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               13928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9253841                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9253841                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20990747                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7523633                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1692461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2726804                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1034343                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  5934      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6530422     70.42%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1858      0.02%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3024      0.03%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1512      0.02%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1687531     18.20%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  769907      8.30%     97.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4930      0.05%     97.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9273977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        35615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        35615                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8954                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44569                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1965643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1965643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        79692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        79692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.793229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.440734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.793229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.440734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.420440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55874.294032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55964.553142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.420440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55874.294032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55964.553142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.793229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.793229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57975.420440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53874.294032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53964.553142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57975.420440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53874.294032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53964.553142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   120                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        35615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1965643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        79692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.793229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.440734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.420440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55874.294032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55964.553142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.793229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57975.420440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53874.294032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53964.553142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31283.123033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              13787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs           114.891667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.835359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   697.700668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 30562.587006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.477343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        35033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35032                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.534561                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           150855                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          150855                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7886079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7886079                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              39693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             39693                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    785796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    785796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    785796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    785796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7925772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19796.840753                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19796.840753                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19796.840753                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19796.840753                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    706412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    706412000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    706412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    706412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17796.891139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17796.891139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17796.891139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17796.891139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39458                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7886079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             39693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    785796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    785796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7925772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19796.840753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19796.840753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    706412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    706412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17796.891139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17796.891139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.294786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1429868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 36.237721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.294786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7965464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7965464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        70252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        70252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  70252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2248256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2248256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2248256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35153000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185152500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2198400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2247872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1973964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           87717548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               89691512                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1973964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1973964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           15322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 15322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           15322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1973964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          87717548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              89706834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       773.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                76676                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35123                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35123                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        4.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138661750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                797105500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3948.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22698.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32019                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35123                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     6                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     725.464170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    554.003828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.660545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           269      8.68%      8.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      8.01%     16.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312     10.07%     26.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      2.94%     29.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      8.84%     38.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      2.00%     40.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      2.00%     42.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      1.90%     44.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1721     55.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2247488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2247872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         89.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      89.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23623918000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      672490.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2198016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1973964.039954896318                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87702226.375434622169                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          773                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34350                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            6                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    776512500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26640.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22605.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9674700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5142225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121058700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1977911520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1260259740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8562636480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11936683365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.281204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22240951250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    836680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1984628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12445020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6614685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129676680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1977911520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2008300950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7932707040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12067655895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         481.507091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20596634750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    836680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3628945250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2657226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2657227                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             69076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3026763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3026763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3059981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3059981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2725863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2726303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44098.124918                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44098.124918                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44298.757890                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44298.757890                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38685                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2889489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2921829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2921829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42098.124918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42098.124918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42298.757890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42298.757890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68820                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1660191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    529222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1692046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16613.467274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16613.467274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14613.467274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14613.467274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             997035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            36782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2497541000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2497541000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1033817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.035579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67901.174488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67901.174488                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2423977000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2423977000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035579                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65901.174488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65901.174488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.943956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2652162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.537663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.943956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2795379                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2795379                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           25772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               29076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              29076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         36389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             79693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            79693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2413534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2931393000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2413534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2931393000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14231.196241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55734.666544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36783.569448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14231.196241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55734.666544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36783.569448                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2326926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2772009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2326926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2772009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12231.251202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53734.666544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34783.594544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12231.251202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53734.666544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34783.594544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82063                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          25772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              29076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            79693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    517859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2413534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2931393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        39693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14231.196241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55734.666544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36783.569448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2326926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2772009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.916761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12231.251202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53734.666544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34783.594544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38685                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.357762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 138203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.684109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    83.616386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    12.378264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   413.363112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.163313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.807350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          324                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230029                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        79385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  256222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6896704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2540288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9436992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           198460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            302194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           345380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25062260000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28805176000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124602                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   192145                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              512736700                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028805                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28805176000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            799734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10794583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1998708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            44                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1167838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1072                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9242973                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28805176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28805176                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6042247                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5943722                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       500969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 282128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        282128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               282208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      278630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10772039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10772039                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            24478217                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8799120                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1998682                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3166518                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1167836                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  6917      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7609551     70.49%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       10      0.00%     70.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     70.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3232      0.03%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      842      0.01%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      302      0.00%     70.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2185      0.02%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3678      0.03%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               1839      0.02%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     70.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1993098     18.46%     89.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  903400      8.37%     97.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                5584      0.05%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             264436      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10795111                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    10                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           53072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42461                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10611                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          53072                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1965643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1965643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        88195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.763995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.398243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.763995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.398243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.420440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55874.294032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55964.553142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.420440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55874.294032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55964.553142                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                6                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.763995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.763995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57975.420440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53874.294032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53964.553142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57975.420440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53874.294032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53964.553142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   120                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          53072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1919282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1965643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.763995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.398243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59975.420440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55874.294032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55964.553142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1895397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.763995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57975.420440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53874.294032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53964.553142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36343                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        31770.378327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             124538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            35153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.542742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.636387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   698.129380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 31048.612560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.473764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.484778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        35033                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        35032                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.534561                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           159691                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          159691                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9196435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9196435                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              46538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             46538                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    915870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    915870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    915870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    915870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9242973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19680.046414                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19680.046414                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19680.046414                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19680.046414                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         46538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    822794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17680.046414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17680.046414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17680.046414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17680.046414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      46304                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9196435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             46538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    915870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    915870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9242973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19680.046414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19680.046414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    822794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    822794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17680.046414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17680.046414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.386421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9242973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 46538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                198.611307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.386421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.914062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9289511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9289511                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        70252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        70252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  70252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2248256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2248256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2248256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35153000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185152500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2198400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2247872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            34350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1717469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76319617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               78037086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1717469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1717469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           13331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 13331                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           13331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1717469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76319617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              78050417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         6.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       773.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     34344.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000575000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                77638                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35123                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35123                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        4.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138661750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   175585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                797105500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3948.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 22698.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32019                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35123                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     6                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     725.464170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    554.003828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.660545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           269      8.68%      8.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          248      8.01%     16.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          312     10.07%     26.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      2.94%     29.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      8.84%     38.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      2.00%     40.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      2.00%     42.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      1.90%     44.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1721     55.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2247488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2247872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      78.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23623918000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      672490.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2198016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1717469.110412656562                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76306286.064698934555                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          773                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        34350                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            6                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    776512500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26640.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22605.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9674700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5142225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121058700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2273553360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1314271230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9954432960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13678133175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         474.849839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25858807250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    961740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1984628750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12445020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6614685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            129676680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2273553360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2062312440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9324503520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13809105705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         479.396679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24214490750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    961740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3628945250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3090536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3090537                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             75481                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3129466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3129466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3162684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3162684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3165578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3166018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41702.859732                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41702.859732                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41900.398776                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41900.398776                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 39722                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2979382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2979382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3011722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3011722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39702.859732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39702.859732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39900.398776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39900.398776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      75225                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1960968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    617205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    617205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1998268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16547.050938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16547.050938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    542605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14547.050938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14547.050938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1129568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            37742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2512261000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2512261000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1167310                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66564.066557                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66564.066557                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2436777000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2436777000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032332                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64564.066557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64564.066557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             439                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     33218000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           440                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32340000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997727                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73667.425968                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.081178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3166018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 75481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.944569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.081178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3241499                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3241499                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               33824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              33824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         43234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         44961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             88195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            88195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2435075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3041932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2435075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3041932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          122019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         122019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.722797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14036.568442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54159.716198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34490.980214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14036.568442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54159.716198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34490.980214                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                36343                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2345153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2865542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2345153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2865542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12036.568442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52159.716198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32490.980214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12036.568442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52159.716198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32490.980214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90802                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              33824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            88195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2435075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3041932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        46538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        75481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         122019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.722797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14036.568442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54159.716198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34490.980214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2345153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2865542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.929004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.595660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12036.568442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52159.716198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32490.980214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        39722                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.701092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 161741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.771262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.586732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.132394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   415.981966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.161302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.812465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               253055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              253055                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              122019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         39722                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       190684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        93076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  283760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7372992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10351424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           232690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            320629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           377405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28805176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
