
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4194583000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104637                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204786                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              438895787                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1957157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004195                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4194583000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1957157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183755                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1330404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4194572                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4194572                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243314                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              640821                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84075                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84075                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               125488                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65671                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1896342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1896342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3666946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1559945                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182942                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313440                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130498                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15396      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1556163     79.51%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1609      0.08%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12886      0.66%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1125      0.06%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      506      0.03%     81.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16697      0.85%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13394      0.68%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15714      0.80%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    827      0.04%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4280      0.22%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1712      0.09%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2568      0.13%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                856      0.04%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160903      8.22%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126794      6.48%     98.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22039      1.13%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3704      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1957173                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           11802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11113                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          689                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          11802                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1390                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3891                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5281                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    314169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    314169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.309138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.309138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62086.330935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58563.094320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59490.437417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62086.330935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58563.094320                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59490.437417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          432                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              432                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    220087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    303607000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    220087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    303607000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60086.330935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56563.094320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57490.437417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60086.330935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56563.094320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57490.437417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1356                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11113                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          11802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    314169000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.309138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62086.330935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58563.094320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59490.437417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     83520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    220087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.111173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.849563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.309138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60086.330935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56563.094320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57490.437417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3299.857346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.620944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    11.095722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   612.804166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2675.957459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.074805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.326655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.402815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4053                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.494751                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1302046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1302046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1302046                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1302046                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28358                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28358                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    559111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    559111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    559111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    559111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1330404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1330404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19716.164751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19716.164751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19716.164751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19716.164751                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    502395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    502395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17716.164751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17716.164751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17716.164751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17716.164751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28102                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1302046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1302046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    559111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    559111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1330404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19716.164751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19716.164751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    502395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17716.164751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17716.164751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.006260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1126697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.093125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.006260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1358762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1358762                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          432                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       365632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       365632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  365632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28124250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           88960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          249024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              337984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        88960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          88960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        27648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            27648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5281                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 432                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21208306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           59367999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               80576305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21208306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21208306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6591358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6591358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6591358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21208306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          59367999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              87167664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       332.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1390.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005143256500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12057                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 292                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5281                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         432                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    100                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      39215500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                138196750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7428.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26178.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      236                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5281                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   432                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     243.566462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    145.836874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.809761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           725     49.42%     49.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          229     15.61%     65.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          276     18.81%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           38      2.59%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      1.57%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      1.30%     89.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      1.23%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      1.02%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          124      8.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      290.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.095718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     901.476175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             15     83.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.222222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.194116                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.003263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     38.89%     38.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                11     61.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  337856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    19840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   337984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 27648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         80.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      80.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4194088000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      734130.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        88960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       248896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        19840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21208306.046155244112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 59337483.606832906604                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4729909.981516636908                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1390                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3891                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          432                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     39915000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     98281750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  48342761750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28715.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25258.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 111904541.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6104700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3244725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             18606840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              694260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      330676320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1002148920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         766805280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2128281045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.387992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1983091750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    139880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2071611250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4383960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2322540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19085220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              923940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      330676320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         688089180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1031276640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2076757800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.104710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2673533000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    139880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1381170000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307397                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307397                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6949                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6949                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    337293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    343037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    343037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49082.217695                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49082.217695                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49364.944596                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49364.944596                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    323551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47082.508731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47082.508731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47365.232408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47365.232408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6692                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     62099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30189.110355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30189.110355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     57987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28190.082645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28190.082645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    275194000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57153.478712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57153.478712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265564000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265564000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55153.478712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55153.478712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.590120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  293179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.810371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.590120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321294                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    246059000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    525686000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    246059000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    525686000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.483870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.483870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19679.996801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61040.602489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30770.662608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19679.996801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61040.602489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30770.662608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    491520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    491520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17679.996801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59041.039074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28770.779677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17679.996801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59041.039074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28770.779677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18735                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    246059000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    525686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.483870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19679.996801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61040.602489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30770.662608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    491520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17679.996801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59041.039074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28770.779677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.880561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.937070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.433814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   179.788274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.658474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.147332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.351149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59572                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35307                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35306                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       765824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1814912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2580736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           141790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4194583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8242415000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107339                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   212723                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              442338308                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000099                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3963821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008242                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8242415000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443647                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3963821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      376569                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      250244                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           119                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2652760                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8242404                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8242404                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2534570                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1280285                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       336773                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 192855                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        192855                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               287521                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              150668                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58852                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3825289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3825289                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7400506                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3159970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      374746                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        624736                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249990                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34827      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3139811     79.21%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2702      0.07%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29770      0.75%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2594      0.07%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1254      0.03%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37543      0.95%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    30806      0.78%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36009      0.91%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1930      0.05%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                9940      0.25%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3976      0.10%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               5964      0.15%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1988      0.05%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323814      8.17%     92.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  241562      6.09%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               50932      1.28%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8428      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3963850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        25773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        25773                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1521                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27294                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1971                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4681                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6652                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126977000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    403211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126977000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    403211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        33946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        33946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.071042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.754757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.195958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.071042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.754757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.195958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64422.628108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59011.749626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60615.003007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64422.628108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59011.749626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60615.003007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1118                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1118                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.071042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.754757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.071042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.754757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62422.628108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57011.749626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58615.003007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62422.628108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57011.749626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58615.003007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2897                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        25773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126977000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    403211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        33946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.071042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.754757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.195958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64422.628108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59011.749626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60615.003007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.071042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.754757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62422.628108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57011.749626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58615.003007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3695.712669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.362099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    30.185475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   614.747294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3050.779900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.075042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.372410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.451137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.508301                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            46241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           46241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2588029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2588029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2588029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2588029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          64731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              64731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         64731                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             64731                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1205418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1205418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1205418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1205418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2652760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2652760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18621.958567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18621.958567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18621.958567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18621.958567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1075956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1075956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1075956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1075956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16621.958567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16621.958567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16621.958567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16621.958567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      64475                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2588029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2588029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         64731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             64731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1205418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1205418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2652760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18621.958567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18621.958567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1075956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1075956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16621.958567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16621.958567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.458675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2279091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 64475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.348445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.458675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2717491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2717491                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       497280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       497280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  497280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           35503500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          299584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              425728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       126144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         126144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        71552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            71552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15304252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           36346629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               51650881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15304252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15304252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8680951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8680951                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8680951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15304252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          36346629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              60331832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       882.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1971.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4678.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005643348500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            49                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            49                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16514                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 815                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6652                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1118                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6652                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1118                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    236                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      56812750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                181481500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8544.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27294.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4569                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      694                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6652                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1118                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     213.902982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.338731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    268.957294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1294     57.59%     57.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          311     13.84%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          327     14.55%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      2.18%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      1.47%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      1.42%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.42%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      1.16%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          143      6.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           49                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      135.469388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.607780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     550.081210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             45     91.84%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      2.04%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      2.04%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      2.04%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      2.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             49                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           49                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.612245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.591887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.837066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                10     20.41%     20.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                38     77.55%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      2.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             49                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  425536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    55232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   425728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 71552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         51.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      51.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8241974000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1060743.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       126144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       299392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        55232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15304252.455136025324                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36323334.847857095301                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6700948.690402024426                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1971                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4681                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1118                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     61155500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    120326000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 158493985000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31027.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25705.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 141765639.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8803620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4675440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22062600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1258020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      650289120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1657185510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1769562720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4113837030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.105788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4582324500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    275080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3385010500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7254240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3851925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25411260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3246840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      650289120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1203653610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2151484320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4045191315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.777438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5580163750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    275080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2387171250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           615481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               615481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          615491                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              615491                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11293                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11293                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    456271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    462015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    462015000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       626697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           626697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       626784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          626784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40680.367332                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40680.367332                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40911.626671                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40911.626671                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    433841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    439431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38680.545649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38680.545649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38911.803772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38911.803772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11036                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26090.426815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26090.426815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24090.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24090.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         243146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             243146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348074000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    348074000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       250215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         250215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49239.496393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49239.496393                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    333936000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    333936000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47239.496393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47239.496393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.737998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  601033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 54.461127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.737998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                638076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               638076                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         27744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             33947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            33947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483707000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    831205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483707000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    831205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.446530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.446530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17434.652537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56020.957601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24485.374260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17434.652537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56020.957601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24485.374260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    763313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    763313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15434.652537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54021.280026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22485.433175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15434.652537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54021.280026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22485.433175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     36539                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            33947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    831205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.446530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17434.652537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56020.957601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24485.374260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15434.652537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54021.280026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22485.433175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.850195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                36539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.108761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    80.499804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.665537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   230.684855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.157226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.382159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.450556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120524                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76024                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76023                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       129462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  159496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1199424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4142784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5342208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           323655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            113269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            56460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8242415000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12279667000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114487                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   227846                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468585750                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000206                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5970866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012280                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12279667000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            668549                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5970866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      569608                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      369233                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3974686                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12279656                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12279656                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3827037                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1919993                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       505966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 302450                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        302450                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               451087                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              236412                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       89331                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5754014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5754014                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11133549                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4760397                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      566773                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        935607                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     368834                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 54306      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4723491     79.11%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     3790      0.06%     80.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     46815      0.78%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4065      0.07%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2018      0.03%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    58358      0.98%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48232      0.81%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56285      0.94%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3036      0.05%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               15865      0.27%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                6346      0.11%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               9519      0.16%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3173      0.05%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486654      8.15%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  355722      5.96%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               80119      1.34%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13112      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5970906                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           42771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40369                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2402                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          42771                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7931                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    486078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    486078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.058800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.058800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65263.679619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59434.830837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61288.362123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65263.679619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59434.830837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61288.362123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1749                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1749                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310665000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    470216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310665000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.058800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.058800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63263.679619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57434.830837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59288.362123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63263.679619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57434.830837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59288.362123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4306                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          42771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    164595000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    486078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.058800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65263.679619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59434.830837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61288.362123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310665000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.058800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63263.679619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57434.830837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59288.362123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6578                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6578                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6578                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6578                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3863.504857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              12933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.003484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.655534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   610.709858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3210.139465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.074550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.391863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.471619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2617                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.518555                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            65834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           65834                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3873754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3873754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3873754                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3873754                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         100932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             100932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        100932                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            100932                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1845763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1845763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1845763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1845763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3974686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3974686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18287.193358                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18287.193358                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18287.193358                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18287.193358                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        100932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1643901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1643901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16287.213173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16287.213173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16287.213173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16287.213173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     100675                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3873754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3873754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        100932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            100932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1845763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1845763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3974686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18287.193358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18287.193358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1643901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16287.213173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16287.213173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.294200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3393609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                100675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.708557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.294200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4075617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4075617                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       619520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       619520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  619520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            16676000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42387250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          161408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          346176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              507584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       161408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         161408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       111936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           111936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13144330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28190992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41335323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13144330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13144330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9115557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9115557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9115557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13144330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28190992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              50450879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2522.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5403.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005643348500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            77                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            77                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20729                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1288                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7931                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1749                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7931                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1749                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    362                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73089000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                221682750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9222.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27972.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5213                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1119                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7931                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1749                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.047007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.640872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    260.716795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1822     61.62%     61.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          368     12.45%     74.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          373     12.61%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      2.13%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           48      1.62%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      1.42%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.32%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           38      1.29%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          164      5.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           77                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      102.597403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.996773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     439.722498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             72     93.51%     93.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      2.60%     96.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      1.30%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.30%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      1.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             77                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           77                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.714286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.697445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.758411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     15.58%     15.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                63     81.82%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             77                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  507200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    87296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   507584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                111936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12276731000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1268257.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       161408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       345792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        87296                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13144330.379643032327                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28159721.269314553589                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7108987.564565065317                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2522                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5409                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1749                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     80339500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    141343250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 252137465750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31855.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26131.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 144160929.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12230820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6500835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28981260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3424320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      969287280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2407712490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2687844960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6115981965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.057640                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6960814500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    410020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4908832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8882160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4720980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27603240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3695760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      969287280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1615110960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3355298880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5984599260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.358432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8705275750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    410020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3164371250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           923144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               923144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          923159                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              923159                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15642                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15642                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    572276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    572276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    578036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       938708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           938708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       938801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          938801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36769.211000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36769.211000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36954.097941                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36954.097941                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9887                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9887                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    541148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546752000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    546752000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34769.211000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34769.211000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34954.097941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34954.097941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15386                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          563296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              563296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       569515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          569515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24563.273838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24563.273838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22563.273838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22563.273838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         359848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             359848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    419517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       369193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         369193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44892.134831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44892.134831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400827000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400827000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025312                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025312                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42892.134831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42892.134831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.810464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  923829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 60.043481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.810464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                954443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               954443                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           58040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          58040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         42892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50703                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    717134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1129342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    717134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1129342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          116574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         116574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.434943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.434943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16719.528117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52772.756369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22273.672169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16719.528117                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52772.756369                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22273.672169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    631352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    631352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14719.574746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50772.756369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20273.711615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14719.574746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50772.756369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20273.711615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54357                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          58040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    717134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1129342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         116574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.434943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16719.528117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52772.756369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22273.672169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    631352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14719.574746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50772.756369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20273.711615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.543324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 119013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.189470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.967295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   201.150609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   229.425420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.448097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               181330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              181330                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               116574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              116573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       201863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  243034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1633856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6459584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8093440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           504655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            166009000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            78210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12279667000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16328736000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119889                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   239136                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              489399655                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7978712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016329                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16328736000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            893429                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7978712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      762151                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      489313                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           169                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5296706                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16328725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16328725                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5120026                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2559358                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       675054                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 410274                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        410274                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611477                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              320570                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120011                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7684719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7684719                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14870740                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6361839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      758306                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1247076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     488770                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 73780      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6308810     79.07%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4885      0.06%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     63580      0.80%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5530      0.07%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2864      0.04%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    79333      0.99%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    65822      0.82%     82.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   76633      0.96%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4121      0.05%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               21060      0.26%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                8424      0.11%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              12636      0.16%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4212      0.05%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   649693      8.14%     92.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  470918      5.90%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108613      1.36%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17852      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7978766                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    52                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        55144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           58495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        55144                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3351                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          58495                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3128                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9301                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    575636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    575636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        67796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        67796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.053679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.648152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.137191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.053679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.648152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.137191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65908.887468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59853.069820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61889.689281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65908.887468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59853.069820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61889.689281                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2419                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2419                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.053679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.648152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.053679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.648152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63908.887468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57853.069820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59889.689281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63908.887468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57853.069820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59889.689281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5799                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        55144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          58495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    575636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        67796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.053679                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.648152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.137191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65908.887468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59853.069820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61889.689281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.053679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.648152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63908.887468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57853.069820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59889.689281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7999                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7999                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7999                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7999                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3968.229454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              20540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.541990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.006614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   600.276593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3317.946247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.073276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.484403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.529175                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            85929                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           85929                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5159387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5159387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5159387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5159387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137319                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137319                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2493719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2493719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2493719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2493719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5296706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5296706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18160.043403                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18160.043403                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18160.043403                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18160.043403                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2219081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2219081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2219081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2219081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16160.043403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16160.043403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16160.043403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16160.043403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137063                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5159387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5159387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2493719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2493719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5296706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18160.043403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18160.043403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2219081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2219081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16160.043403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16160.043403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.717190                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4534288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.081780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.717190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5434025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5434025                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2419                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       750080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       750080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  750080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21396000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           49767750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          200192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          395072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              595264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       200192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         200192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       154816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           154816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2419                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12260104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24194892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               36454996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12260104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12260104                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9481199                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9481199                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9481199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12260104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24194892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              45936195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1935.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3128.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6163.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005643348500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           108                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           108                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25161                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1813                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9301                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2419                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9301                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2419                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    484                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      91334000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                265540250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9830.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28580.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5899                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1585                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9301                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2419                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     192.687802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    115.090272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.229990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2380     63.94%     63.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          446     11.98%     75.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          413     11.10%     87.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           83      2.23%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           64      1.72%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           50      1.34%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      1.40%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           51      1.37%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          183      4.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       85.564815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.310138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     371.782603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            103     95.37%     95.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      1.85%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.93%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.93%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.93%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.740741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.725677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.715259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15     13.89%     13.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                91     84.26%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            108                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  594624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   122624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   595264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                154816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         36.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      36.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16327919000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1393167.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       200192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       394432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       122624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12260103.905164489523                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24155697.048442695290                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7509705.588969042525                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3128                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6173                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2419                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    101637500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    163902750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 342834781750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32492.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26551.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 141725829.58                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14929740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7931550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32229960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4118580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1288900080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3072620910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3682764480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8103495300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.272051                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9539565250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    545220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6243950750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11652480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6193440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             34107780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5882940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1288900080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2096559750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4504710720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7948007190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.749690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11688026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    545220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4095490000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1231423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1231423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1231442                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1231442                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19968                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19968                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    690993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    690993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    696753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    696753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1251313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1251313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1251410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1251410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34740.723982                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34740.723982                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34893.479567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34893.479567                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    651215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    656819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    656819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32740.824535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32740.824535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32893.579728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32893.579728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    197404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          762054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23849.703999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23849.703999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21849.945632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21849.945632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         477646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             477646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11613                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11613                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    493589000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    493589000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       489259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         489259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42503.143029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42503.143029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470363000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470363000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40503.143029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40503.143029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.353407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1224929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.144437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.353407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1271377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1271377                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           79047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          79047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         58272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             67797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            67797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1438382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1438382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          157287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         157287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16430.584157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50492.283465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21216.012508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16430.584157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50492.283465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21216.012508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7999                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7999                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14430.584157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48492.493438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19216.042008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14430.584157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48492.493438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19216.042008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72505                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          79047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            67797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    957443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1438382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         157287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16430.584157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50492.283465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21216.012508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1302790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14430.584157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48492.493438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19216.042008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.400483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 165417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.281456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.254766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   204.246517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   220.899199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.164560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.398919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.431444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               242665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              242665                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               157287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              157286                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  326934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2068992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8788416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10857408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            219092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            99835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16328736000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20397476000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120450                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34216084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   240720                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              491354446                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000195                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9992940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020397                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20397476000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1117947                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000195                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9992940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      955312                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      611327                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6618889                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20397465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20397465                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6421751                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3199187                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       843813                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 518185                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        518185                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               772283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              404711                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151184                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9621690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9621690                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18620091                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7966516                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      950467                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1561097                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     610630                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 93277      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7898469     79.04%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5978      0.06%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79458      0.80%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6952      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4092      0.04%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100942      1.01%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84206      0.84%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   97424      0.97%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5118      0.05%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25455      0.25%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10182      0.10%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              15273      0.15%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5091      0.05%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   813708      8.14%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  587973      5.88%     98.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136759      1.37%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22657      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9993014                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   101                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        70327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           74722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        70327                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4395                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          74722                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7012                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10818                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    671469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    671469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        85540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        85540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66183.657383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59836.565887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62069.606212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66183.657383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59836.565887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62069.606212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2976                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2976                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    649833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    649833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64183.657383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57836.565887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60069.606212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64183.657383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57836.565887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60069.606212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7192                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        70327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          74722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    671469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        85540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66183.657383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59836.565887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62069.606212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    649833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.051340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.614710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64183.657383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57836.565887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60069.606212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4059.128044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              23996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.336485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    52.809067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   595.355319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3410.963658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.072675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.416377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.495499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4654                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.568115                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           106845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          106845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6444947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6444947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6444947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6444947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3151151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3151151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3151151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3151151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6618889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6618889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18116.101919                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18116.101919                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18116.101919                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18116.101919                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2803269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2803269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16116.113417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16116.113417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16116.113417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16116.113417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173685                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6444947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6444947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3151151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3151151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6618889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18116.101919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18116.101919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2803269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2803269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16116.113417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16116.113417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.973076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5671697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.655077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.973076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6792830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6792830                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10818                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        24612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        24612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  24612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       882816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       882816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  882816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57936500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          243584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          448768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              692352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       243584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         243584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       190464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           190464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2976                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11941870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22001153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33943023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11941870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11941870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9337626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9337626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9337626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11941870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22001153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              43280649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2347.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3806.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6999.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005643348500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           131                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           131                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29787                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2202                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10818                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2976                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10818                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2976                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    629                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     108164750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    54025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                310758500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10010.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28760.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6659                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1923                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10818                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2976                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.740383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.903555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    245.790196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2960     65.07%     65.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          565     12.42%     77.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          472     10.38%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          100      2.20%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      1.58%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      1.25%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      1.36%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           62      1.36%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          199      4.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       79.152672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      39.795009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     337.796741                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            125     95.42%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      2.29%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.76%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.76%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.770992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.757563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.674422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                16     12.21%     12.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               113     86.26%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.53%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  691520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   148992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   692352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                190464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         33.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20396164000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1478625.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       243584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       447936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       148992                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11941869.670541590080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21960364.115638621151                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7304433.156337577850                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7012                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2976                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    124695250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    186063250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 407479923000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32762.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26534.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 136922017.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18057060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9593760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             37563540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4932900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1609742160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3811412730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4623020160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10114322310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.861464                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11975532250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    680940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7741003750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14437080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7669695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             39584160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7219260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1609742160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2625406890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5621761920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9925821165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.620068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14586299500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    680940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5130236500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1542069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1542069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1542090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1542090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24475                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24475                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    815075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    815075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    820835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    820835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1566466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1566466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1566565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1566565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33408.820757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33408.820757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33537.691522                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33537.691522                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    766281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    766281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    771885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31408.820757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31408.820757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31537.691522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31537.691522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24219                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              944622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    247783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       955213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          955213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23395.618922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23395.618922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21395.618922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21395.618922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         597447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             597447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    567292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       611253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         611253                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41090.250616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41090.250616                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539680000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    539680000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39090.250616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39090.250616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.681858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1524237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.935588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.681858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1591040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1591040                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              112876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             112876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         74134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             85541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            85541                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553841000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1761853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553841000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1761853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16294.979362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48552.730779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20596.591108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16294.979362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48552.730779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20596.591108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1059746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1059746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14295.006340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46552.730779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18596.614489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14295.006340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46552.730779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18596.614489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91332                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             112876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            85541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1208012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553841000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1761853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16294.979362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48552.730779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20596.591108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1059746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1590773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14295.006340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46552.730779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18596.614489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.919016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 207530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.272259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.709333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.973964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.235719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.167401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.402293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               305059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              305059                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198417                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198416                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        63748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  411631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2513472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11132224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13645696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           869705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            272407000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           122375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20397476000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24448850000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123430                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34216084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247018                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              502948589                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12007773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024449                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24448850000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1342640                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12007773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1149202                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731438                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7939655                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24448839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24448839                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7726585                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3838607                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1012644                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 629103                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        629103                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               938397                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              491566                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      182170                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11557212                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11557212                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22366609                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9571258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1143358                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873953                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     730595                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                112997      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9487297     79.01%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7061      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95722      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8387      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5458      0.05%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   122436      1.02%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   102784      0.86%     82.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  118270      0.98%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6155      0.05%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30610      0.25%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12244      0.10%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              18366      0.15%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6122      0.05%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   977331      8.14%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  703234      5.86%     98.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              166027      1.38%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              27361      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12007862                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   112                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        85177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           90687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        85177                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5510                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          90687                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4387                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7808                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12195                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468003000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    759575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468003000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    759575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        89564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       102882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        89564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       102882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66462.730796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59938.908811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62285.772858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66462.730796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59938.908811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62285.772858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3148                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3148                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282798000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    735185000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282798000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    735185000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64462.730796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57938.908811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60285.772858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64462.730796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57938.908811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60285.772858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8113                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        85177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          90687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468003000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    759575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        89564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       102882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.118534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66462.730796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59938.908811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62285.772858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    735185000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.048982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64462.730796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57938.908811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60285.772858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4206.875658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              25249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.112166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    52.714811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   595.260647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3558.900200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.072664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.434436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.513535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.642944                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           127121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          127121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7729532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7729532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7729532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7729532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         210123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             210123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        210123                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            210123                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3794371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3794371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3794371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3794371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7939655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7939655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18057.856589                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18057.856589                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18057.856589                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18057.856589                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        210123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       210123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3374127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3374127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3374127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3374127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16057.866107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16057.866107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16057.866107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16057.866107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     209866                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7729532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7729532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        210123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            210123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3794371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3794371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7939655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18057.856589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18057.856589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       210123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3374127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3374127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16057.866107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16057.866107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.143246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6806833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                209866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.434187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.143246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8149777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8149777                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        27538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        27538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       981952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       981952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  981952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           65353250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          280768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          499712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              780480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       280768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         280768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       201472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           201472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11483894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20439080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31922974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11483894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11483894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8240551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8240551                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8240551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11483894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20439080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40163525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2362.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7790.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.010975960500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           132                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           132                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33743                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2219                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12195                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3148                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3148                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    786                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     124623000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    60885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                352941750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10234.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28984.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7334                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1937                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12195                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3148                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     176.974867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    108.227861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.923964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3518     66.98%     66.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          630     12.00%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          510      9.71%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          106      2.02%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           80      1.52%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           60      1.14%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           70      1.33%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           63      1.20%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          215      4.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       92.166667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.960417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     368.227717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            125     94.70%     94.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      2.27%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.76%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.76%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.76%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.772727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.759387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.672138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                16     12.12%     12.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               114     86.36%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  779328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   150144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   780480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                201472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         31.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24448190000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1593442.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       280768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       498560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       150144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11483893.925481157377                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20391961.176088035107                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6141147.743145382963                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4387                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7808                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3148                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    144932000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    208009750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 465997141000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33036.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26640.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 148029587.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20384700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10834725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39891180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4932900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1929969600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4418502630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5667604320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12092120055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.588500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14684045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    816151250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8948653750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17114580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9096615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             47052600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7313220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1929969600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3173131290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6716338080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11900015985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.731114                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17426316250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    816151250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6206382500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1851263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1851263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1851289                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1851289                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          29184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              29184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         29262                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             29262                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    941881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    941881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    947641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    947641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1880447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1880447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1880551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1880551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32273.882950                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32273.882950                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32384.696876                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32384.696876                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    883513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    883513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    889117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    889117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30273.882950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30273.882950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30384.696876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30384.696876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      29006                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1135949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1135949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    302747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1149098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1149098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23024.336451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23024.336451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21024.336451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21024.336451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         715314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             715314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    639134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    639134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731349                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731349                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39858.684128                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39858.684128                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607064000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    607064000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37858.684128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37858.684128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.900285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1869549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 29006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.453872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.900285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1909813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1909813                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          120558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              136502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         120558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             136502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         89565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            102883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           102883                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1447130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2072651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1447130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2072651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          239385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         239385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.429780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.429780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16157.315916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46968.088302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20145.709204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16157.315916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46968.088302                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20145.709204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       102883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1268002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1866887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1268002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1866887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14157.338246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44968.088302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18145.728643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14157.338246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44968.088302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18145.728643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    109837                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         120558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             136502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           102883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1447130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    625521000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2072651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         239385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.429780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16157.315916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46968.088302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20145.709204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1268002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1866887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14157.338246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44968.088302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18145.728643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.263852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 251548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               109837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.290194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.182465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.971858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   210.109528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.406195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.410370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               367015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              367015                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               239385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              239384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       420245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  496050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13447808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16426560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1050610000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            325790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           146310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24448850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28505128000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34216216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   262430                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              533397172                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14024453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028505                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28505128000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1567761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14024453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1342185                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      851726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9260806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28505128                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28505128                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              9034618                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4478670                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1181655                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 738214                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        738214                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1101454                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              576930                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      213357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13495708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13495708                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26118708                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11179107                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1335345                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     850741                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                132752      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11079689     79.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     8150      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    112059      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9809      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     6946      0.05%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   144016      1.03%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   121488      0.87%     82.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  139012      0.99%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   7175      0.05%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35170      0.25%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               14068      0.10%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              21102      0.15%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               7034      0.05%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1140620      8.13%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  818769      5.84%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              194725      1.39%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31972      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14024556                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   120                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        99920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          106633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        99920                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6713                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         106633                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4989                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8638                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13627                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    851495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    851495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       104909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       104909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       120260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66510.924033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.148414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62485.873633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66510.924033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.148414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62485.873633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3325                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3325                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    824241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    824241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64510.924033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.148414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60485.873633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64510.924033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.148414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60485.873633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9224                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        99920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         106633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    851495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       104909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       120260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66510.924033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.148414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62485.873633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    824241000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.047556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64510.924033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.148414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60485.873633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4392.512843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             132596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.852717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    53.027462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   590.804371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3748.681010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.072120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.457603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.536195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4098                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.702393                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           147574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          147574                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9014392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9014392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9014392                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9014392                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         246414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             246414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        246414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            246414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4439437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4439437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4439437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4439437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9260806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9260806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18016.171971                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18016.171971                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18016.171971                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18016.171971                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        246414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3946609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3946609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3946609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3946609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16016.171971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16016.171971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16016.171971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16016.171971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     246158                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9014392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9014392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        246414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            246414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4439437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4439437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9260806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18016.171971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18016.171971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3946609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3946609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16016.171971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16016.171971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.265162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9260806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                246414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.582305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.265162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9507220                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9507220                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1084928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1084928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1084928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           73064750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          319296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          552832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              872128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       319296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         319296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       212800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           212800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8638                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3325                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11201353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19394124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30595477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11201353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11201353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         7465323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               7465323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         7465323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11201353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19394124                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              38060801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2396.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4989.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8617.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.018515778500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           133                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           133                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37820                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2236                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13627                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3325                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13627                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3325                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    929                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     141971750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    68030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                397084250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10434.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29184.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8042                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1946                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13627                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3325                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     170.880749                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    105.591983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    232.600640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4086     68.34%     68.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          690     11.54%     79.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          569      9.52%     89.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          112      1.87%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           88      1.47%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           64      1.07%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           74      1.24%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           67      1.12%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          229      3.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      101.293233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      42.040655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     381.631462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            125     93.98%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      2.26%     96.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.75%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.75%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.75%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.75%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.774436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.761184                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.669877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                16     12.03%     12.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               115     86.47%     98.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  870784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   151296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   872128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                212800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       7.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28500071000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1681221.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       319296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       551488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       151296                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11201352.963579043746                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19346975.042525682598                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5307676.569633365609                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4989                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8638                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3325                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    165044250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    232040000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 579479188500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33081.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26862.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 174279455.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23583420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12523500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             46938360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5011200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2249582400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5207909310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6560361600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14105909790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.855164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16996239750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    951600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10557288250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19128060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10166805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             50208480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7328880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2249582400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3652954440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7869797280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13859166345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.199057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20420008500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    951600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7133519500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2159740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2159740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2159769                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2159769                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1072188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1072188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1077948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1077948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2193701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2193701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2193808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2193808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31571.155149                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31571.155149                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31668.027850                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31668.027850                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1004266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1009870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1009870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29571.155149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29571.155149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29668.027850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29668.027850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33783                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1326330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1326330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1342078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1342078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22913.639827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22913.639827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20913.639827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20913.639827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         833410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             833410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    711344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       851623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         851623                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39056.937352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39056.937352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    674918000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    674918000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021386                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021386                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37056.937352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37056.937352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.056774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2193808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 34039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.449837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.056774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2227847                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2227847                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          141505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              160193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         141505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             160193                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        104909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            120260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       104909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           120260                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1685662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    701959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2387621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1685662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    701959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2387621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       246414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          280453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       246414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         280453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.428806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.428806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16067.849279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45727.249039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19853.825046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16067.849279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45727.249039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19853.825046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       120260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1475844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    671257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2147101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1475844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    671257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2147101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14067.849279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43727.249039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.825046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14067.849279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43727.249039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.825046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    128311                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         141505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             160193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       104909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           120260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1685662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    701959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2387621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       246414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         280453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.428806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16067.849279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45727.249039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19853.825046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       120260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1475844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    671257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2147101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14067.849279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43727.249039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17853.825046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.510906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 300150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               128823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.329941                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.198500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.789649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.522756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.405839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               428973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              428973                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               280453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              280453                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       492828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  580603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     15770496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19209600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1232070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            378938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28505128000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
