
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13094090000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  59880                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34196092                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    71376                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              784055164                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1192012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013094                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13094090000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             48150                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1192012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      855884                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3339                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1562856                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13094079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13094079                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               239251                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              183310                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        46871                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 809444                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        809444                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               809956                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         931                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1192820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1192820                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3023468                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             288974                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4880                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        860763                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     855883                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    332079     27.82%     27.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     27.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.01%     27.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     27.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     27.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     27.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     27.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.02%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     27.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4778      0.40%     28.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47159      3.95%     32.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.01%     32.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             808724     67.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1193679                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   159                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             82                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       106600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        107107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106600                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       107107                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6609077000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6638942000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6609077000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6638942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       107189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       107189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61998.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61984.202713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61998.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61984.202713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       102440                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           102440                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       107107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       107107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6395877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6424728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6395877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6424728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59998.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59984.202713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59998.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59984.202713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                103023                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             82                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       107107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6609077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6638942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       107189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61998.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61984.202713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6395877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6424728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59998.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59984.202713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106040                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106040                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3999.860940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             205549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           103023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.995176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.331156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    11.457950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3988.071833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.973650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           320348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          320348                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1562217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1562217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1562217                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1562217                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1562856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1562856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1562856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1562856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1562217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1562217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1562856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1562856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.407182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   16002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.374101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.407182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.864872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.864872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1563495                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1563495                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              107107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       102440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       316654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       316654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 316654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13411008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     13411008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13411008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           619307000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          563737250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6822400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6854848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      6556160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          6556160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           106600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               107107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        102440                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              102440                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2478065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          521028953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              523507017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2478065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2478065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       500696116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             500696116                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       500696116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2478065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         521028953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1024203133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    102440.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    106600.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000937952500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          6130                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          6130                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               314083                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               96462                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       107107                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      102440                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     107107                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    102440                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               6402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               6456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              6416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              6430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              6412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              6337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1067952500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   535535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3076208750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9970.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28720.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     96682                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    93672                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 107107                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                102440                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   107107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    2073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    6120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    6144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    6146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    6131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    6131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    6130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    6130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    6130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    6131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    6137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    6163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    6130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    6130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    6130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    6130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    6130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        19170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     699.486281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    516.169767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.562274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           913      4.76%      4.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3891     20.30%     25.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          830      4.33%     29.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          647      3.38%     32.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          926      4.83%     37.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          657      3.43%     41.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          652      3.40%     44.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          779      4.06%     48.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9875     51.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         19170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         6130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.471452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.726143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      53.016225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           6129     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           6130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         6130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.707667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.680964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              3922     63.98%     63.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               114      1.86%     65.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              2058     33.57%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                36      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           6130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6854848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  6554752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6854848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               6556160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        523.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        500.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     523.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     500.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13094022000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62487.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6822400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      6554752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2478064.531403098721                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 521028952.756549000740                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 500588586.148407459259                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       106600                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       102440                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12972250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   3063236500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 307699846000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25586.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28735.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3003707.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              68636820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36477540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            382475520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           267357960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1033209840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3121573080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2399437440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7309168200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.203602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6139653750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    437060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6517376250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              68244120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              36272610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382268460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           267264000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1033209840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3120362970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2400456480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7308078480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.120379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6141364250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    437060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6515665750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           752432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               752432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          752432                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              752432                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         106680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             106680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        106680                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            106680                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8422512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8422512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8422512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8422512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       859112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           859112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       859112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          859112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78951.181102                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78951.181102                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78951.181102                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78951.181102                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106320                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                106320                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        106680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       106680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8209154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8209154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8209154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8209154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76951.199850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76951.199850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76951.199850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76951.199850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     106423                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         747694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             747694                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       106523                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           106523                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8413996000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8413996000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       854217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         854217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78987.598922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78987.598922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8200952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8200952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76987.617698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76987.617698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.441394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  857070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                106423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.053428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.441394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                965791                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               965791                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        106613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            107190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           107190                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7781833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7818185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7781833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7818185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          107319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         107319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72991.408177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72937.634108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72991.408177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72937.634108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         106040                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               106040                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7568609000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7603807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7568609000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7603807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70991.426937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70937.652766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70991.426937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70937.652766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    106822                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           107190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7781833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7818185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         107319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72991.408177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72937.634108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7568609000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7603807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70991.426937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70937.652766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106320                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106320                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.326874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 212870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               106822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.380444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.272719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.673710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               320973                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              320973                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               107319                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              107318                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        106320                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       319679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  320957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13631936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13672832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            638919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           533395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13094090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26363206000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61974                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34196756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    73313                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              816908500                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2365933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026363                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26363206000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             91629                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2365933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1727152                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6735                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3131478                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26363195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26363195                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               456646                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              357224                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90350                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1635536                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1635536                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1636047                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         931                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2368439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2368439                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6030279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             549846                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4880                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1732031                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1727151                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    636430     26.86%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     26.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     26.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4778      0.20%     27.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   92335      3.90%     31.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     31.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1634816     69.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2369298                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   159                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             82                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       215296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        215803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215296                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       215803                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13371369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  13401234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13371369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  13401234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       215885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       215885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62106.908628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62099.386941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62106.908628                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62099.386941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       211136                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           211136                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       215803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       215803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12940777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12969628000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12940777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12969628000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60106.908628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.386941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60106.908628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.386941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                211719                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             82                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       215803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13371369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13401234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       215885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62106.908628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62099.386941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12940777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12969628000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60106.908628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60099.386941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       214736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       214736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       214736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       214736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4048.249605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             422941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           211719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.164479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.690940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4042.394186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           646436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          646436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3130839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3130839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3130839                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3130839                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3131478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3131478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3130839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3130839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3131478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3131478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.705559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   16002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.374101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.705559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3132117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3132117                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              215803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             215803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       211136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       642742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       642742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 642742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     27324096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     27324096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                27324096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1271483000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1135770500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13778944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13811392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     13512704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         13512704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           215296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               215803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        211136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              211136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1230806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          522658132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              523888938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1230806                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1230806                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       512559208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             512559208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       512559208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1230806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         522658132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1036448147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    211136.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    215296.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000937952500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12633                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12633                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               637289                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              198818                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       215803                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      211136                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     215803                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    211136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              13475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              13467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              13186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              13240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             13214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             13196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             13213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             13203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             13184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2176673250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1079015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6222979500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10086.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28836.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    194805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   193070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 215803                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                211136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   215803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    4571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   12653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   12698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   12633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   12633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   12633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        39035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     699.922429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    516.223036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.708797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1868      4.79%      4.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7916     20.28%     25.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1670      4.28%     29.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1308      3.35%     32.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1873      4.80%     37.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1344      3.44%     40.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1322      3.39%     44.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1593      4.08%     48.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20141     51.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         39035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.081453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.705970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      36.937342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          12632     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.710837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.684057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              8063     63.82%     63.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               239      1.89%     65.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4252     33.66%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                79      0.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13811392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 13510912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13811392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              13512704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        523.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        512.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     523.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     512.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26363122000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61749.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13778944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     13510912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1230806.298748338828                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 522658131.943436622620                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 512491234.943124890327                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       215296                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       211136                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12972250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6210007250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 631082531500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25586.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28844.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2988985.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             139629840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              74211225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            771062880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           551419920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2080556400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6277862580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4836850080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14731592925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.793681                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12373746000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    880100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13109360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             139087200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              73926600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            769770540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           550563840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2080556400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6268815540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4844468640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14727188760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.626624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12393000250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    880100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13090105750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1513306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1513306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1513306                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1513306                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         215376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             215376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        215376                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            215376                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17032636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17032636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17032636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17032636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1728682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1728682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1728682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1728682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79083.259045                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79083.259045                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79083.259045                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79083.259045                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          215016                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                215016                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        215376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16601886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16601886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16601886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16601886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77083.268331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77083.268331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77083.268331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77083.268331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     215119                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1508568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1508568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       215219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           215219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17024120000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  17024120000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1723787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1723787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124852                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124852                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79101.380454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79101.380454                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       215219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16593684000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16593684000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124852                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124852                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77101.389747                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77101.389747                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.225871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1726638                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                215119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.026432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.225871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1944057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1944057                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        215309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            215886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215309                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           215886                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15739781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15776133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15739781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15776133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          216015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         216015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73103.219094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73076.220783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73103.219094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73076.220783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         214736                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               214736                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       215886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15309165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15344363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15309165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15344363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71103.228383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71076.230047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71103.228383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71076.230047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    215518                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           215886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15739781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15776133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         216015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73103.219094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73076.220783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15309165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15344363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71103.228383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71076.230047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215016                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215016                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215016                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215016                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.672310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 430262                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               215518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.188959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.128815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.354536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               647061                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              647061                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               216015                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              216014                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        215016                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       645767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  647045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27545024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27585920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1291095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1076875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26363206000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                39634027000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  64417                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34196756                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    76008                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              851024748                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3539839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.039634                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39634027000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            135107                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3539839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2598411                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4700084                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         39634016                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   39634016                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               674036                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              531136                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       133828                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2461618                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2461618                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2462129                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         931                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3544044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3544044                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9037057                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             810714                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4880                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2603290                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2598410                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    940776     26.54%     26.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4778      0.13%     26.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137512      3.88%     30.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2460898     69.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3544903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   159                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             82                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       323991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        324498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       323991                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       324498                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20135433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  20165298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20135433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  20165298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       324580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       324580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62148.124485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62143.057892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62148.124485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62143.057892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       319831                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           319831                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       323991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       324498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       323991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       324498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19487451000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19516302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19487451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19516302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60148.124485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60143.057892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60148.124485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60143.057892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                320414                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             82                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       323991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       324498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20135433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20165298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       324580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62148.124485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62143.057892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       323991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19487451000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19516302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60148.124485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60143.057892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323431                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323431                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323431                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323431                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4064.238062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             640331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           320414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.109406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.785420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4060.343236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           972521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          972521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4699445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4699445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4699445                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4699445                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4700084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4700084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4699445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4699445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4700084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.804148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   16002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.374101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.804148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4700723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4700723                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              324498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             324498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       319831                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       968827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       968827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 968827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     41237056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     41237056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                41237056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1923653000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1707793000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        20735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            20767872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     20469184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         20469184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           323991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               324498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        319831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              319831                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             818690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523172273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              523990964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        818690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            818690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       516454813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             516454813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       516454813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            818690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523172273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1040445777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    319831.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    323991.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000937952500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         19139                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         19139                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               960481                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              301196                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       324498                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      319831                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     324498                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    319831                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              20252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              20259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              19968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              19970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              20024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             19997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             20033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             20078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3287223500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1622490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9371561000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10130.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28880.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    292943                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   292490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 324498                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                319831                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   324498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   19108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   19173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   19193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   19140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   19140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   19140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   19139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   19139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   19143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   19165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   19238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   19139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   19139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   19139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   19139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   19139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        58871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.430976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.107548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.406159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2767      4.70%      4.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11953     20.30%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2507      4.26%     29.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1981      3.36%     32.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2835      4.82%     37.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2033      3.45%     40.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1989      3.38%     44.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2423      4.12%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        30383     51.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         58871                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.954386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.697450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      30.014833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          19138     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          19139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.709755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.683013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12223     63.86%     63.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               364      1.90%     65.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6436     33.63%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               116      0.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          19139                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                20767872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 20467712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 20767872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              20469184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        523.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        516.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     523.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     516.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    39633943000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61511.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     20735424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     20467712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 818690.465139966691                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523172273.158112287521                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 516417673.127184331417                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       323991                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       319831                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12972250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9358588750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 954593490000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25586.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28885.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2984680.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             210472920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             111865215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1159607400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           835534080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3128517600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9432258540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7276512000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22154767755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.983516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18613163000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1323400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19697464000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             209880300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             111550230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1157308320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           833863680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3128517600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9415405920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7290703680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22147229730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.793325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18650122500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1323400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19660504500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2274171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2274171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2274171                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2274171                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         324071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             324071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        324071                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            324071                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25644515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25644515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25644515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25644515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2598242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2598242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2598242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2598242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79132.396913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79132.396913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79132.396913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79132.396913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          323711                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                323711                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        324071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24996375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24996375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24996375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24996375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77132.403085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77132.403085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77132.403085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77132.403085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     323814                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2269433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2269433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       323914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           323914                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25635999000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25635999000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2593347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2593347                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124902                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79144.461184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79144.461184                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       323914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       323914                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24988173000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24988173000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124902                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124902                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77144.467359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77144.467359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.485075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2596198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                323814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.017559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.485075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2922312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2922312                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        324004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            324581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324004                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           324581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23699490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23735842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23699490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23735842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          324710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         324710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73145.671041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73127.638402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73145.671041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73127.638402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         323431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               323431                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23051484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23086682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23051484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23086682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71145.677214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71127.644563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71145.677214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71127.644563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    324213                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           324581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23699490000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23735842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         324710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73145.671041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73127.638402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23051484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23086682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71145.677214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71127.644563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.116866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 647652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               324213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.125689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.750850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.240327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               973146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              973146                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               324710                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              324709                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        323711                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       971852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  973130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41457984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41498880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1943265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1620350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  39634027000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52903375000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70739                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34196888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    83362                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              935582621                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4713753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052903                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52903375000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            178585                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4713753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3469675                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13529                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6268701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52903364                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52903364                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               891426                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              705050                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177306                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3287705                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3287705                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3288217                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         931                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4719656                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4719656                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12043851                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1071584                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4880                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3474554                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3469674                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1245124     26.38%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4778      0.10%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  182689      3.87%     30.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3286985     69.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4720515                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   159                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             82                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       432687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        433194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432687                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       433194                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26897975000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26927840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26897975000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26927840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       433276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       433276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.971446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62161.156433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.971446                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62161.156433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       428527                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           428527                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       433194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       433194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26032601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26061452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26032601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26061452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60164.971446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60161.156433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60164.971446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60161.156433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                429110                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             82                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       433194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26897975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26927840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       433276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.971446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62161.156433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26032601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26061452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60164.971446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60161.156433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432127                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432127                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432127                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432127                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4072.204665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             857723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           429110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.081964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.835952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4069.286749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1298609                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1298609                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6268062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6268062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6268062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6268062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6268701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6268701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6268701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6268701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6268062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6268062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6268701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6268701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.853272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   16002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.374101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.853272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6269340                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6269340                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              433194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             433194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       428527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1294915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1294915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1294915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     55150144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     55150144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                55150144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2575829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2279815250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27691968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27724416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     27425728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         27425728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           432687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               433194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        428527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              428527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             613345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523444260                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524057605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        613345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            613345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       518411689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             518411689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       518411689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            613345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523444260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1042469294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    428527.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    432687.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000937952500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         25643                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         25643                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1283673                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              403567                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       433194                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      428527                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     433194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    428527                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              26880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              26752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              26754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              26808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             26768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             26782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             26764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             26781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             26817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             26880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4396205250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2165970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12518592750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10148.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28898.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    391083                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   391894                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 433194                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                428527                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   433194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    9272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   25603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   25690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   25712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   25644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   25644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   25644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   25644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   25643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   25649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   25681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   25776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   25643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   25643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   25643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   25643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   25643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        78718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.566579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.202908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.375618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3709      4.71%      4.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15963     20.28%     24.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3348      4.25%     29.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2641      3.36%     32.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3800      4.83%     37.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2713      3.45%     40.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2666      3.39%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3249      4.13%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        40629     51.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         78718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        25643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.892914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.694341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      25.935046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          25642    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          25643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        25643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.710330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.683567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             16372     63.85%     63.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               485      1.89%     65.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8628     33.65%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               158      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          25643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27724416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 27424192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27724416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              27425728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        518.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     518.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52903309000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61392.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27691968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     27424192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 613344.611756811384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523444260.408716797829                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 518382655.170865714550                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       432687                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       428527                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12972250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12505620500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1278033167000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25586.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28902.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2982386.56                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             281394540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             149564745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1547109480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1118927880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4175864160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12582794460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9718858560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29574513825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.028868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24860678750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1766440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26276256250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             280666260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             149170065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1545895680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1117857780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4175864160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12568986780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9730486080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29568926805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.923260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24889740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1766440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26247194500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3035041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3035041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3035041                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3035041                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         432767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             432767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        432767                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            432767                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34254889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34254889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34254889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34254889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3467808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3467808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3467808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3467808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79153.190978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79153.190978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79153.190978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79153.190978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432407                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                432407                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        432767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       432767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33389357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33389357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33389357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33389357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77153.195599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77153.195599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77153.195599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77153.195599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     432510                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3030303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3030303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       432610                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           432610                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34246373000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34246373000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3462913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3462913                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124927                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124927                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79162.231571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79162.231571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       432610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33381155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33381155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124927                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124927                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77162.236194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77162.236194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.614230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3465766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                432510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.013147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.614230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3900574                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3900574                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        432700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            433277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432700                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           433277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31657688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31694040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31657688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31694040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          433406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         433406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73163.133811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73149.601756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73163.133811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73149.601756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         432127                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               432127                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       433277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30792290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30827488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30792290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30827488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71163.138433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71149.606372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71163.138433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71149.606372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    432909                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           433277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31657688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31694040000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         433406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73163.133811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73149.601756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30792290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30827488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71163.138433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71149.606372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432407                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432407                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432407                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432407                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.338376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 865044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               432909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.094164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.562520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.681692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1299234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1299234                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               433406                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              433405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        432407                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1297940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1299218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55371072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55411968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2595441000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2163830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52903375000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                66172447000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  82155                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34197096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    96740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1087268762                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000013                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5887678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.066172                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 66172447000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            222064                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5887678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4340947                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16925                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7837328                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         66172436                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   66172436                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1108821                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              878964                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       220785                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4113801                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4113801                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4114312                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         931                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5895279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5895279                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15050674                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1332456                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4880                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4345826                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4340946                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1549475     26.28%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4778      0.08%     26.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  227865      3.86%     30.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4113081     69.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5896138                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   159                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             82                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       541383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        541890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541383                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       541890                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33660205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  33690070000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33660205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  33690070000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       541972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       541972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62174.477219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62171.418554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62174.477219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62171.418554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       537223                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           537223                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       541890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       541890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32577439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32606290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32577439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32606290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60174.477219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60171.418554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60174.477219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60171.418554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                537806                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             82                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       541890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33660205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33690070000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       541972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62174.477219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62171.418554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       541890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32577439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32606290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60174.477219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60171.418554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       540823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       540823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       540823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       540823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4076.976168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1075115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           537806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999076                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.065529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.267280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4074.643360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1624697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1624697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7836689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7836689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7836689                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7836689                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7837328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7837328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7836689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7836689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7837328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.882694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   16002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.374101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.882694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7837967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7837967                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              541890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             541890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       537223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1621003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1621003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1621003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     69063232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     69063232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                69063232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3228005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2851853000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        34648512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            34680960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     34382272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         34382272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           541383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               541890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        537223                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              537223                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             490355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523609351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524099706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        490355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            490355                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       519585924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             519585924                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       519585924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            490355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523609351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1043685629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    537223.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    541383.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000937952500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32148                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32148                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1606873                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              505934                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       541890                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      537223                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     541890                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    537223                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              33995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              33948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              33880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              33838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              33819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              33872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             33840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             33900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             33989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              33664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              33664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              33564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              33536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              33536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              33536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              33536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              33536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              33538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              33592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             33552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             33566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             33548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             33565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             33601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             33664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5504859500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2709450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15665297000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10158.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28908.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    489222                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   491300                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 541890                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                537223                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   541890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   11622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        98564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.667668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.403283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.295403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4621      4.69%      4.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19999     20.29%     24.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4193      4.25%     29.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3296      3.34%     32.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4770      4.84%     37.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3394      3.44%     40.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3352      3.40%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4075      4.13%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        50864     51.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         98564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.855792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.691985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      23.167004                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          32147    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.710153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.683395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956828                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             20527     63.85%     63.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               610      1.90%     65.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             10813     33.64%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               198      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                34680960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 34380672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 34680960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              34382272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        519.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     519.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    66172345000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61321.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     34648512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     34380672                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 490355.147362164222                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523609350.580612540245                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 519561744.482563912868                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       541383                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       537223                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12972250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15652324750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1601492398750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25586.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28911.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2981057.03                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             352044840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             187116270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1934611560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1402227720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5223210720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15729326130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12164471520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36993008760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.039456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31115897000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2209480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32847070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             351716400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             186934110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1934483040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1401945840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5223210720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15724641870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12168416160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36991348140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.014360                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31125304250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2209480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32837662750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3795919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3795919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3795919                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3795919                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         541463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             541463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        541463                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            541463                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42864951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42864951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42864951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42864951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4337382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4337382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4337382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4337382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79165.060216                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79165.060216                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79165.060216                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79165.060216                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          541103                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                541103                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        541463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41782027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41782027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41782027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41782027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77165.063910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77165.063910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77165.063910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77165.063910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     541206                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3791181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3791181                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       541306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           541306                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42856435000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42856435000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4332487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4332487                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124941                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79172.288872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79172.288872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       541306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41773825000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41773825000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124941                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77172.292566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77172.292566                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.691586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4335334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                541206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.010506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.691586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4878844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4878844                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        541396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            541973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           541973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39615574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  39651926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39615574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  39651926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          542102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         542102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73173.008297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73162.179666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73173.008297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73162.179666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         540823                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               540823                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       541973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38532784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38567982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38532784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38567982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71173.011991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71162.183356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71173.011991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71162.183356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    541605                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           541973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39615574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39651926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         542102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73173.008297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73162.179666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       541973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38532784000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38567982000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71173.011991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71162.183356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541103                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541103                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541103                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541103                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.471046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1082436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               541605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.075282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.449722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.946043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1625322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1625322                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               542102                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              542101                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        541103                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1624028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1625306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     69284160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 69325056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3247617000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2707310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  66172447000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                79441569000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92913                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34197096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   109352                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1230187429                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7061584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.079442                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 79441569000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            265542                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7061584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5212206                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         20323                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9405934                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         79441558                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   79441558                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1326211                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1052876                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       264263                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4939883                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4939883                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4940394                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         931                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7070884                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7070884                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18057452                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1593324                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4880                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5217085                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5212205                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1853821     26.21%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4778      0.07%     26.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  273042      3.86%     30.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4939163     69.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7071743                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   159                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             82                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       650078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        650585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650078                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       650585                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40422570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  40452435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40422570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  40452435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       650667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       650667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62181.107498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62178.554685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62181.107498                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62178.554685                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       645918                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           645918                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       650585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       650585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39122414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39151265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39122414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39151265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60181.107498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60178.554685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60181.107498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60178.554685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                646501                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             82                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       650585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40422570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40452435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       650667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62181.107498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62178.554685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39122414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39151265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60181.107498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60178.554685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649518                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649518                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649518                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649518                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4080.153718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1292505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           646501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.054583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.888576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4078.210559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          735                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1950782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1950782                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9405295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9405295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9405295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9405295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9405934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9405934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9405934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9405934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9405295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9405295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9405934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9405934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.902288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   16002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 38.374101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.902288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9406573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9406573                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              650585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             650585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       645918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1947088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1947088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1947088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     82976192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     82976192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                82976192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3880175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3423890500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        41604992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            41637440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     41338752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         41338752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           650078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               650585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        645918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              645918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             408451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523718156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524126607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        408451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            408451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       520366762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             520366762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       520366762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            408451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523718156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1044493368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    645918.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    650078.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000937952500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         38652                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         38652                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1930072                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              608307                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       650585                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      645918                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     650585                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    645918                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              40739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              40698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              40614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              40614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              40603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              40580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              40590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              40656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             40624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             40619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             40615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             40665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             40773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              40448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              40448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              40448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              40374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              40320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              40320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              40320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              40320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              40322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              40376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             40336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             40350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             40332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             40349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             40385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             40448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6613695750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3252925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18812164500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10165.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28915.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    587329                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   590715                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 650585                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                645918                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   650585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   13106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   38591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   38719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   38758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   38653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   38653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   38652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   38652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   38652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   38661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   38710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   38854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   38652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   38652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   38652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   38652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   38652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       118436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.583741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.219725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.366158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5573      4.71%      4.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24021     20.28%     24.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5037      4.25%     29.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3959      3.34%     32.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5732      4.84%     37.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4085      3.45%     40.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4010      3.39%     44.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4893      4.13%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        61126     51.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        118436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.831678                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.690914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      21.131793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          38651    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          38652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.710545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.683782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956907                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24671     63.83%     63.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               736      1.90%     65.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             13007     33.65%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               238      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          38652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                41637440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 41337344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 41637440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              41338752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        520.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     520.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    79441467000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61273.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     41604992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     41337344                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 408451.147282853897                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523718155.667343378067                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 520349037.919933319092                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       650078                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       645918                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12972250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18799192250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1924922046250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25586.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28918.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2980133.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             422880780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             224766465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2322113640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1685527560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6270557280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18874012710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14611657440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         44411515875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.046308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37375029500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2652520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  39414019500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             422759400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             224698155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2323063260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1686049560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6270557280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18876324630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14609710560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         44413162845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.067040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37368741500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2652520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  39420307500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4556784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4556784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4556784                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4556784                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         650158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             650158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        650158                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            650158                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51475131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51475131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51475131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51475131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5206942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5206942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5206942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5206942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79173.264037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79173.264037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79173.264037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79173.264037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          649798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                649798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        650158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50174817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50174817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50174817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50174817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77173.267114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77173.267114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77173.267114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77173.267114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     649901                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4552046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4552046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       650001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           650001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51466615000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51466615000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5202047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5202047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124951                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79179.285878                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79179.285878                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       650001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50166615000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50166615000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124951                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77179.288955                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77179.288955                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.743100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5204894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                649901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.008749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.743100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5857099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5857099                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        650091                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            650668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650091                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           650668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47573584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  47609936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47573584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  47609936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          650797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         650797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73179.884047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73170.858256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73179.884047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73170.858256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         649518                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               649518                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       650668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46273404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46308602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46273404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46308602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71179.887123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71170.861330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71179.887123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71170.861330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    650300                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           650668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47573584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47609936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         650797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73179.884047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73170.858256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46273404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46308602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71179.887123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71170.861330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.559397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1299826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               650300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.062707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.374605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.122085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1951407                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1951407                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               650797                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              650796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        649798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1950113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1951391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     83197120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 83238016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3899787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3250785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  79441569000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92710858000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102518                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34197228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   120612                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    68.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1357783677                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8235488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092711                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92710858000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            309020                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8235488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     6083463                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         23719                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10974536                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92710858                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92710858                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1543601                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1226788                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307741                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5765964                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5765964                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5766476                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         931                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8246486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8246486                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21064222                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1854191                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4880                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       6088342                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6083462                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2158166     26.17%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4778      0.06%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  318218      3.86%     30.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5765244     69.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8247345                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   159                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             82                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       758773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        759280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758773                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       759280                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47185123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  47214988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47185123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  47214988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       759362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       759362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62186.085957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62183.895269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62186.085957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62183.895269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       754613                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           754613                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       759280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       759280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45667577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45696428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45667577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45696428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60186.085957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60183.895269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60186.085957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60183.895269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                755196                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             82                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       759280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47185123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47214988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       759362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58905.325444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62186.085957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62183.895269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28851000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45667577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45696428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56905.325444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60186.085957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60183.895269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758213                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758213                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758213                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758213                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4082.421725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1517575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           759292                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.046771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.618273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4080.756682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2276867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2276867                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10973897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10973897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10973897                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10973897                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10974536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10974536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10973897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10973897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10974536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10974536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63791.862285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61791.862285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.916273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10974536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              17174.547731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.916273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10975175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10975175                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              759280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             759280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       754613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2273173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2273173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2273173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     96889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     96889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                96889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4532345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3995907750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        48561472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            48593920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     48295232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         48295232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           758773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               759280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        754613                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              754613                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             349991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523794872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524144863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        349991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            349991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       520923148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             520923148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       520923148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            349991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523794872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1045068011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    754613.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    758773.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000937952500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         45156                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         45156                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2253270                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              710687                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       759280                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      754613                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     759280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    754613                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              47563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              47516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              47523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              47534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              47497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              47398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              47387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              47364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              47374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              47440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             47408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             47403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             47399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             47449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             47468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             47557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              47232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              47232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              47232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              47232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              47184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              47104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              47104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              47104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              47106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              47160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             47120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             47134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             47116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             47133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             47169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             47232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7722740250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3796400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21959240250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10171.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28921.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    685474                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   690127                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 759280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                754613                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   759280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   15316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   16336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   45085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   45237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   45286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   45166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   45221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   45391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   45156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       138272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     700.704467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    517.459571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    389.277107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6470      4.68%      4.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28060     20.29%     24.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5882      4.25%     29.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4620      3.34%     32.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6691      4.84%     37.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4773      3.45%     40.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4695      3.40%     44.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5725      4.14%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        71356     51.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        138272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.814554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.690196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      19.554196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          45155    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          45156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.710825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.684042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957264                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             28821     63.83%     63.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               857      1.90%     65.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             15193     33.65%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               285      0.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          45156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                48593920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 48294016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 48593920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              48295232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        520.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     520.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92710773000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61239.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     48561472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     48294016                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 349991.367785637383                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523794872.009490013123                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 520910031.918807208538                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       758773                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       754613                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12972250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21946268000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2248395248000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25586.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28923.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979534.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             493702440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             262409070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2709615720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1968827400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7317903840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       22023959820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       17054477280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         51830895570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.059604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43624217000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3095560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  45991081000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             493566780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             262333170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2711643480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1970153280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7317903840.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       22033987260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       17046033120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         51835620930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.110573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43600083750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3095560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  46015214250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5317649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5317649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5317649                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5317649                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         758852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             758852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        758852                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            758852                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60085499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  60085499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60085499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  60085499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      6076501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          6076501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      6076501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6076501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79179.469778                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79179.469778                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79179.469778                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79179.469778                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          758493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                758493                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        758852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       758852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58567795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58567795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58567795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58567795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77179.469778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77179.469778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77179.469778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77179.469778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     758596                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5312911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5312911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       758695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           758695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60076983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  60076983000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6071606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6071606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124958                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79184.630187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79184.630187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       758695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58559593000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58559593000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124958                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77184.630187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77184.630187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.779869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 6076501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                758852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.007492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.779869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6835353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6835353                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        758785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            759362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           759362                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55531782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  55568134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55531782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  55568134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          759491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         759491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73185.134129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73177.396288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73185.134129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73177.396288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         758213                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               758213                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       759362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54014212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54049410000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54014212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54049410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71185.134129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71177.396288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71185.134129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71177.396288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    758995                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           759362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55531782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  55568134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         759491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63001.733102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73185.134129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73177.396288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54014212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  54049410000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61001.733102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71185.134129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71177.396288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758493                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758493                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.622459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1517984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               759507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.053732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.320989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.247737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2277491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2277491                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               759491                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              759491                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        758493                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2276197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2277475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97110080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 97150976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4551956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3794260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92710858000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
