
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18022940000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  42215                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34208060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    76493                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              760833507                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1811993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018023                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18022940000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            201773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1811993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      245962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         96154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1251641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18022929                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18022929                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              794543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1857592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1857592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3422692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1410407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        446887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     245961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1410399     75.83%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.01%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.05%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.02%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.02%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200610     10.79%     86.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  245785     13.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.02%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1860066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        193196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       193196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11780988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  11818313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11780988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  11818313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       193299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       193299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61176.738172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61172.658854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61176.738172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61172.658854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       191776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           191776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       193196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       193196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11395842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11431921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11395842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11431921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59176.738172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59172.658854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59176.738172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59172.658854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                191835                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       193196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11780988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11818313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       193299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61176.738172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61172.658854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11395842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11431921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59176.738172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59172.658854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1351.055620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             383615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           191835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   568.278928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   782.776693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.095554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.164924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.166138                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           578797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          578797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.344525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.344525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1252398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1252398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              193196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       191776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       578168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       578168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24638208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24638208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24638208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1152076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1022597500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12324672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12364544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12273664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12273664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           192573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               193196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        191776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              191776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2212292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          683832493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              686044785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2212292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2212292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       681002323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             681002323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       681002323                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2212292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         683832493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1367047108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    191776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    192573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11984                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11984                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               570811                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              179765                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       193196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      191776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     193196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    191776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1763802250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5386227250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9129.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27879.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    166625                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   165490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 193196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                191776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   193195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        52817                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.358937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    445.820526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    106.481725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           118      0.22%      0.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2362      4.47%      4.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4571      8.65%     13.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2307      4.37%     17.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43435     82.24%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         52817                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.120160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      13.126723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           11983     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11983     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12364544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12271808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12364544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12273664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        686.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        680.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     686.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     681.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18022896000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46816.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12324672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12271808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2212291.668284974527                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 683832493.477756619453                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 680899342.726547360420                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       192573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       191776                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5369665000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 441026702250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27883.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299697.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             188624520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             100237335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            689367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           500504040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1422276960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7527797910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         581610720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11010418485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.911343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1450456000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    601640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15970844000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             188567400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             100203180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            690052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           500415300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1422276960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7516941690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         590752800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11009209770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.844278                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1474304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    601640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15946996000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           206156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               206156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          206158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              206158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         192701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             192701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        192701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            192701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15056685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15056685000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15056685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15056685000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           398857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          398859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.483133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.483131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78134.960379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78134.960379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78134.960379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78134.960379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          192419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                192419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        192701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14671285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14671285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14671285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14671285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76134.970758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76134.970758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76134.970758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76134.970758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     192514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       192466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           192466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15043293000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15043293000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       197889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         197889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.972596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78160.781645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78160.781645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       192466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14658363000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14658363000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76160.792036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76160.792036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.569240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                192514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.035068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.569240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.724880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                591559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               591559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        192585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            193300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           193300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13899434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13944808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13899434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13944808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72172.983358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72140.755303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72172.983358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72140.755303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         192302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               192302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13514266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13558210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13514266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13558210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70172.993743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70140.765649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70172.993743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70140.765649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    192911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           193300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13899434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13944808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72172.983358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72140.755303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13514266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13558210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70172.993743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70140.765649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              441.871766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 385270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               192911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.941984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.200763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.729018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.529689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.863031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               579231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              579231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        192419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       577820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  579334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24647616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24696064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1155553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18022940000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36561635000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  48029                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    86740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              878003475                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3611993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036562                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36561635000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            401773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3611993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      495962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        196154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2501641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36561624                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36561624                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1594543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3707592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3707592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6822692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2810407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        896887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     495961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2810399     75.75%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.03%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400610     10.80%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  495785     13.36%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3710066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        393196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       393196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24019683000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24057008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24019683000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24057008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       393299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       393299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61185.264906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.247032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61185.264906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.247032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       391776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           391776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       393196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       393196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23234537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23270616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23234537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23270616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59185.264906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.247032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59185.264906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.247032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                391835                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       393196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24019683000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24057008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       393299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61185.264906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.247032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23234537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23270616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59185.264906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.247032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1356.097950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             783615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           391835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   569.658656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   786.439294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.096001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.166138                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1178797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1178797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.676885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.676885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2502398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2502398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              393196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             393196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       391776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1178168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1178168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1178168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50238208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50238208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50238208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2352076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2081191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25124672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25164544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25073664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25073664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           392573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               393196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        391776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              391776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1090542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          687186774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              688277316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1090542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1090542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       685791650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             685791650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       685791650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1090542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         687186774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1374068966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    391776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    392573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24484                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24484                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1163073                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              367265                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       393196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      391776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     393196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    391776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3593903750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10966328750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9140.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27890.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    339244                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   338109                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 393196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                391776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   393195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       107579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.928304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.036421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    105.285825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           118      0.11%      0.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4743      4.41%      4.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9333      8.68%     13.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4688      4.36%     17.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        88673     82.43%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        107579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.058814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       9.183666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24483    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.019173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24483    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25164544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25071808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25164544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25073664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        688.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        685.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     688.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     685.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36561591000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46576.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25124672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25071808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1090542.039490301628                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 687186773.786237955093                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 685740886.587812542915                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       392573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       391776                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  10949766500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 900967984250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27892.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299701.83                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             384124860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             204144435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1403431260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1022399640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2885734800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15288312000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1165299840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22353446835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.390788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2904424750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1220700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32436510250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             384067740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             204117870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1403988180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1022519700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2885734800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15275119920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1176408960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22351957170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.350044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2933397500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1220700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32407537500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           406156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               406156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          406158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              406158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         392701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             392701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        392701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            392701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30695380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30695380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30695380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30695380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       798857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           798857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       798859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          798859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.491579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.491577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78164.761485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78164.761485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78164.761485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78164.761485                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          392419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                392419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        392701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29909980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29909980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29909980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29909980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76164.766578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76164.766578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76164.766578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76164.766578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     392514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       392466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           392466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30681988000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30681988000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       397889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         397889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.986371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78177.442122                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78177.442122                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       392466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29897058000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29897058000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76177.447218                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76177.447218                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.787658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                392514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.017199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.787658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.725733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.725733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1191559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1191559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        392585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            393300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           393300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28338129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28383503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28338129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28383503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          393458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         393458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.422698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72167.564200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.422698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72167.564200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         392302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               392302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27552961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27596905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27552961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27596905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.427793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70167.569286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.427793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70167.569286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    392911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           393300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28338129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28383503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         393458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.422698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72167.564200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27552961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27596905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.427793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70167.569286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.443841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 785270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               392911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.971401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.606019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.866420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1179231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1179231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               393458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              393457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        392419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1177820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1179334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50247616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50296064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2355553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36561635000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                55100363000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  51922                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34214988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    93667                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              953637554                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5411993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.055100                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55100363000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            601773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5411993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      600970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      745962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        296154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3751641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         55100352                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   55100352                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2394543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       599566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5557592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5557592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10222692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4210407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      600926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1346887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     745961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4210399     75.73%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.02%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   600610     10.80%     86.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  745785     13.41%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5560066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        593196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       593196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36258411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  36295736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36258411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  36295736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       593299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       593299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.091594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.751091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.091594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.751091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       591776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           591776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       593196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       593196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35073265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35109344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35073265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35109344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.091594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.751091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.091594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.751091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                591835                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       593196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36258411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36295736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       593299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.091594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61186.751091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35073265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35109344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.091594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59186.751091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1357.747264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1183615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           591835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   570.109956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   787.637307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.096147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.166138                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1778797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1778797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3750884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3750884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3750884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3750884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3751641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3751641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3750884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3750884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3751641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.785599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.785599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3752398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3752398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              593196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             593196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       591776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1778168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1778168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1778168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     75838208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     75838208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                75838208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3552076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3139785500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37924672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37964544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37873664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37873664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           592573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               593196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        591776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              591776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             723625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688283524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689007149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        723625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            723625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       687357795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             687357795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       687357795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            723625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688283524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1376364943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    591776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    592573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36984                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36984                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1755335                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              554765                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       593196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      591776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     593196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    591776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              37142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              37055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              37085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              37041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              37107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              37056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              37103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              37041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              37026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             37079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             37051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             37086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             37072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             37127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             37068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              36980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              36984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              36986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5424037250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16546462250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9143.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27893.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    511863                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   510728                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 593196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                591776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   593195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       162341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.113545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.432723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.893143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           118      0.07%      0.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7124      4.39%      4.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14095      8.68%     13.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7069      4.35%     17.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       133911     82.49%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        162341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.038936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.472232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           36983    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015600                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             36983    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37964544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37871808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37964544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37873664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        687.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     687.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    55100319000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46499.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37924672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37871808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 723624.996808097232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688283523.649381399155                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 687324110.732265114784                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       592573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       591776                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16529900000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1360911212250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27895.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299706.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             579618060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             308055330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2117367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1544504040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4349192640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23046889230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1750632960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33696259260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.543326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4362676500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1839760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  48897926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             579575220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             308028765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2118052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1544415300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4349192640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23036233080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1759606560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33695104005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.522360                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4386086750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1839760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48874516250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           606156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               606156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          606158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              606158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         592701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             592701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        592701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            592701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46334108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46334108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46334108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46334108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1198857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1198857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1198859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1198859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.494388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.494388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78174.506201                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78174.506201                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78174.506201                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78174.506201                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          592419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                592419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        592701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45148708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45148708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45148708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45148708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76174.509576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76174.509576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76174.509576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76174.509576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     592514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          600733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              600733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       600968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          600968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       592466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           592466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46320716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46320716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       597889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         597889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.990930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78182.910074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.910074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       592466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45135786000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45135786000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76182.913450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76182.913450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.859101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  599265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                592514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.011394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.859101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1791559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1791559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        592585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            593300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           593300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42776857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42822231000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42776857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42822231000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          593458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         593458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72186.871082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72176.354290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72186.871082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72176.354290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         592302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               592302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       593300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       593300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41591689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41635633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41591689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41635633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70186.874457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70176.357661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70186.874457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70176.357661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    592911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           593300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42776857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42822231000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         593458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72186.871082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72176.354290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41591689000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41635633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70186.874457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70176.357661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.630963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1185270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               592911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.981024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.738575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.911364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1779231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1779231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               593458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              593457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        592419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1777820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1779334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     75847616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 75896064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3555553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  55100363000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                73639069000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  62479                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34217364                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   112649                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1150221827                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7211993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.073639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 73639069000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            801773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7211993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      800970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      995962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        396154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5001641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         73639058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   73639058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3194543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       799566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7407592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7407592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13622692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      800926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1796887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     995961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5610399     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   800610     10.80%     86.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  995785     13.44%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7410066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        793196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       793196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48497117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  48534442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48497117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  48534442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       793299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       793299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61189.463936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.460355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61189.463936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.460355                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       791776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           791776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       793196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       793196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46911971000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46948050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46911971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46948050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59189.463936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.460355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59189.463936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.460355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                791835                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       793196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48497117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48534442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       793299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61189.463936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.460355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46911971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46948050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59189.463936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.460355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1358.566143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1583615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           791835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   570.334026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   788.232117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.096220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.166138                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2378797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2378797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5000884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5000884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5000884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5000884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5001641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5001641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5000884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5000884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5001641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.839574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.839574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5002398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5002398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              793196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             793196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       791776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2378168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2378168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    101438208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    101438208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               101438208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4752076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4198379250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        50724672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            50764544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     50673664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         50673664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           792573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               793196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        791776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              791776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             541452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688828263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689369715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        541452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            541452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688135587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688135587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688135587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            541452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688828263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1377505302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    791776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    792573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         49484                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         49484                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2347597                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              742265                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       793196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      791776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     793196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    791776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              49638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              49551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              49581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              49537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              49603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              49559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              49561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              49607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              49545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              49530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             49583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             49555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             49590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             49569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             49623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             49564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              49480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              49480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              49480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              49488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              49490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              49491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              49488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              49488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              49489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              49484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             49480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             49481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             49482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             49482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             49483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             49481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7254149500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              22126574500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9145.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27895.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    684482                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   683347                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 793196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                791776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   793195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   49485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   49484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   49484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   49484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   49484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       217103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.205336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.629228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.697894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           118      0.05%      0.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9505      4.38%      4.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18857      8.69%     13.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9450      4.35%     17.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       179149     82.52%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        217103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.029100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001516                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.459886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           49483    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          49484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.013486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             49483    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          49484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                50764544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 50671808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 50764544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              50673664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    73639025000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46460.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     50724672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     50671808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 541451.712269746349                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688828263.160143971443                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688110383.361853718758                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       792573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       791776                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  22110012250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1820854865250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27896.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299709.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             775125540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             411966225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2831431260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2066399640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5812650480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       30807592560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2334167040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         45039332745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.622789                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5816241250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2458820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  65364007750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             775068420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             411939660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2831988180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2066519700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5812650480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       30795350670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2344476000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         45037993110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.604597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5843130500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2458820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  65337118500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           806156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               806156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          806158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              806158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         792701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             792701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        792701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            792701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61972814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61972814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61972814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61972814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1598857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1598857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1598859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1598859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.305943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.305943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.305943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.305943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          792419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                792419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        792701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       792701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60387414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60387414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60387414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60387414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.308466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.308466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.308466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.308466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     792514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          800733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              800733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          800968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       792466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           792466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61959422000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61959422000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       797889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         797889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.993203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78185.590297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78185.590297                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       792466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60374492000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60374492000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993203                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993203                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76185.592820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76185.592820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.894573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  799265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                792514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.008518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.894573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2391559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2391559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        792585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            793300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           793300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57215563000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  57260937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57215563000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  57260937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          793458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         793458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72188.551386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72180.684483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72188.551386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72180.684483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         792302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               792302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       793300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       793300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55630395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55674339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55630395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55674339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70188.553909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70180.687004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70188.553909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70180.687004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    792911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           793300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57215563000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57260937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         793458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72188.551386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72180.684483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55630395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55674339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70188.553909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70180.687004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.723868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1585270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               792911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.985801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.804389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.933678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2379231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2379231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               793458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              793457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        792419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2377820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2379334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    101447616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                101496064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4755553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  73639069000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92177742000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  72284                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34219740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   130285                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    69.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1332597014                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9011993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092178                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92177742000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1001773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9011993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1000970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1245962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        496154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6251641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92177731                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92177731                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3994543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       999566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9257592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9257592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17022692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7010407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1000926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2246887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1245961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7010399     75.71%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000610     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1245785     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9260066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        993196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       993196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60735790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  60773115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60735790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  60773115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       993299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       993299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.249987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61189.448004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.249987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61189.448004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       991776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           991776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       993196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       993196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58750644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58786723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58750644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58786723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.249987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59189.448004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.249987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59189.448004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                991835                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       993196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60735790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  60773115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       993299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.249987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61189.448004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58750644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58786723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.249987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59189.448004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1359.055637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1983615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           991835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   570.467966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   788.587672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.096263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.166138                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2978797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2978797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.871839                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.871839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6252398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6252398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              993196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             993196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       991776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2978168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2978168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2978168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    127038208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    127038208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               127038208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5952076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5256972250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        63524672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            63564544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     63473664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         63473664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           992573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               993196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        991776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              991776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             432556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689154134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689586690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        432556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            432556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688600769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688600769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688600769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            432556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689154134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378187459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    991776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    992573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         61984                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         61984                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2939859                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              929765                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       993196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      991776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     993196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    991776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              62142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              62055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              62085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              62041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              62107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              62056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              62057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              62103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              62041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              62026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             62079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             62051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             62086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             62072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             62127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             62068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              61984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              61980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              61976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              61984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              61986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              61987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              61984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              61984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              61985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              61984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             61984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             61985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             61986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             61986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             61987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             61985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    9084229500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              27706654500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9146.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27896.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    857101                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   855966                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 993196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                991776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   993195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   61986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   61985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   61984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   61984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   61984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   61984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       271867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.260477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.747052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.580778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           118      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11886      4.37%      4.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23619      8.69%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11831      4.35%     17.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       224389     82.54%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        271867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        61984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.023232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.771882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           61983    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          61984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        61984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             61983    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          61984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                63564544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 63471808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 63564544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              63473664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92177698000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46437.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     63524672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     63471808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 432555.616300516471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689154134.411320328712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688580633.706562280655                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       992573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       991776                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  27690092250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2280794971250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27897.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299707.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             970618740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             515884710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3545367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2588504040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7276108320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       38566783110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2918962080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56382228000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.668574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7273091000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3077880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  81826771000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             970575900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             515850555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3546052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2588415300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7276108320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       38555487990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2928473760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56380964265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.654864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7297903250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3077880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  81801958750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1006156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1006156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1006158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1006158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         992701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             992701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        992701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            992701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77611487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77611487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77611487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77611487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1998857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1998857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1998859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1998859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.496634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.496634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78182.138428                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.138428                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78182.138428                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.138428                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          992419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                992419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        992701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       992701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75626087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75626087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75626087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75626087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76182.140443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76182.140443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76182.140443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76182.140443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     992514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1000733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1000733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1000968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       992466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           992466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77598095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77598095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       997889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         997889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.994566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78187.157041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78187.157041                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       992466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75613165000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75613165000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76187.159056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76187.159056                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.915776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  999265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                992514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.915776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2991559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2991559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        992585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            993300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           993300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71654236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  71699610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71654236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  71699610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          993458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         993458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72189.521300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.237693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72189.521300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.237693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         992302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               992302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       993300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       993300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69669068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69713012000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69669068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69713012000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70189.523315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.239706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70189.523315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.239706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    992911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           993300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71654236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71699610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         993458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72189.521300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.237693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69669068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69713012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70189.523315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.239706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.779403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1985270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               992911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.988657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.843730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.947017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2979231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2979231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               993458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              993457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        992419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2977820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2979334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    127047616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                127096064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5955553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92177742000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               110716440000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  81021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34224312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   145999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    74.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1495051372                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10811993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.110716                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                110716440000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1201773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10811993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1200970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1495962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        596154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7501641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        110716429                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  110716429                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4794543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1199566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11107592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11107592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20422692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8410407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1200926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2696887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1495961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8410399     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1200610     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1495785     13.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11110066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1193196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1193196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72974488000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  73011813000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72974488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  73011813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1193299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1193299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.793352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.125512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.793352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.125512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1191776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1191776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70589342000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70625421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70589342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70625421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.793352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.125512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.793352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.125512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1191835                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1193196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72974488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73011813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61190.793352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.125512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70589342000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70625421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59190.793352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.125512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1359.381207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2383615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1191835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   570.557051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   788.824156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.096292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.166138                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          3578797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         3578797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.893299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.893299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7502398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7502398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1193196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1193196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1191776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3578168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3578168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3578168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    152638208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    152638208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               152638208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7152076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6315565750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        76324672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            76364544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     76273664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         76273664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1192573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1193196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1191776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1191776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             360127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689370720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689730848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        360127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            360127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688910012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688910012                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688910012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            360127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689370720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378640859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1191776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1192573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         74484                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         74484                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              3532121                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1117265                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1193196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1191776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1193196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1191776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              74638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              74551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              74581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              74537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              74603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              74559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              74561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              74607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              74545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              74530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             74583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             74555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             74590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             74569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             74623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             74564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              74480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              74480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              74480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              74488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              74490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              74491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              74488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              74488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              74489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              74484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             74480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             74481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             74482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             74482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             74483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             74481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   10914334000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  5965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              33286759000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9147.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27897.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1029720                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1028585                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1193196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1191776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1193195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   74486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   74485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   74484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   74484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   74484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   74484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       326629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.296854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.825016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.503106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           118      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14267      4.37%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28381      8.69%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14212      4.35%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       269627     82.55%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        326629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.019333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.265332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           74483    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          74484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             74483    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          74484                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                76364544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 76271808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 76364544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              76273664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   110716396000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46422.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     76324672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76271808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 360127.186170364555                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689370720.373595833778                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688893248.373954176903                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1191776                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  33270196750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2740736419250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27897.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299707.68                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1166126220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             619788015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4259431260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3110399640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8739566160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       46326198810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3503577120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         67725087225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.698563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8729473000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3696940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  98290027000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1166069100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             619769040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4259988180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3110519700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8739566160.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       46314925920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3513070080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         67723908180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.687914                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8754234500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3696940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98265265500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1206156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1206156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1206158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1206158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1192701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1192701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93250185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93250185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93250185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93250185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2398857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2398857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2398859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2398859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78184.041935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78184.041935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78184.041935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78184.041935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1192419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1192419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1192701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90864785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90864785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90864785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90864785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76184.043612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.043612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76184.043612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.043612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1192514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1200733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1200733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1200968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1200968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1192466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93236793000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  93236793000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1197889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1197889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78188.219203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78188.219203                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1192466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90851863000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90851863000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76188.220880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76188.220880                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.929879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1199265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1192514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.005661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.929879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3591559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3591559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1192585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1193300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1193300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86092934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  86138308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86092934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  86138308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1193458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1193458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.186863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.956004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.186863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.956004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1192302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1192302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83707766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83751710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83707766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83751710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.188540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.957680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.188540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.957680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1192911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1193300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86092934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86138308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1193458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.186863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.956004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83707766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83751710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.188540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.957680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.816341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2385270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1192911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.990556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.869897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.955888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3579231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3579231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1193458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1193457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1192419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3577820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 3579334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    152647616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                152696064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           7155553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          5963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 110716440000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               129255153000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  88839                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34226688                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   160063                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    78.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1640414688                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12611991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.129255                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                129255153000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1401773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12611991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1400970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1745961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        696154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8751640                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        129255153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  129255153                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5594543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1399566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12957590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12957590                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23822687                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9810405                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1400925                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3146886                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1745961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9810398     75.70%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1400609     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1745785     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12960064                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1393196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1393196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85213216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  85250541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85213216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  85250541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1393299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1393299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61191.202185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.630033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61191.202185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.630033                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1391776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1391776                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82428070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  82464149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82428070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  82464149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59191.202185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.630033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59191.202185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.630033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1391835                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1393196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85213216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85250541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61191.202185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61190.630033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82428070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82464149000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59191.202185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59190.630033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1359.613386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2785601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1393196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   570.620582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   788.992804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.096313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.166138                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          4178797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         4178797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8750883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8750883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8750883                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8750883                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8751640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8751640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8750883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8750883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8751640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.908603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8751640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11560.951123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.908603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8752397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8752397                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1393196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1393196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1391776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4178168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4178168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4178168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    178238208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    178238208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               178238208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8352076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7374160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        89124672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            89164544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     89073664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         89073664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1392573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1393196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1391776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1391776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             308475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689525098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689833573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        308475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            308475                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       689130467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             689130467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       689130467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            308475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689525098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378964040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1391776.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1392573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023949250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         86984                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         86984                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4124383                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1304765                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1393196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1391776                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1393196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1391776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              87142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              87055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              87085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              87041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              87107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              87056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              87057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              87103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              87041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              87026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             87079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             87051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             87086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             87072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             87127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             87068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              86984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              86980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              86976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              86984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              86986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              86987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              86984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              86984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              86985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              86984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             86984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             86985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             86986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             86986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             86987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             86985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   12744467750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  6965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              38866892750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9147.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27897.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1202339                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1201204                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1393196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1391776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1393195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   86986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   86985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   86984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   86984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   86984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   86984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       381391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.322784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.880600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.447697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           118      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16648      4.37%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33143      8.69%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16593      4.35%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       314865     82.56%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        381391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        86984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.016555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       4.872340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           86983    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          86984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        86984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             86983    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          86984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                89164544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 89071808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 89164544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              89073664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        689.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     689.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   129255124000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46411.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     89124672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     89071808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 308475.129034120589                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689525097.695718169212                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 689116108.198796510696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1391776                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  38850330500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3200679491250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27898.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299708.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1361626560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             723710295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4973367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3632504040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      10203024000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       54086456400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4087489440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         79068177735                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.721668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10184022000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   4316000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 114755131000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1361569440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             723668550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4974052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3632415300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      10203024000.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       54073529370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4098375360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         79066634460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.709728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10212414500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   4316000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 114726738500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1406156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1406156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1406158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1406158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1392700                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1392700                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108888913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108888913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108888913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108888913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2798856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2798856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2798858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2798858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78185.476413                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78185.476413                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78185.476413                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78185.476413                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1392419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1392419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1392700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106103513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106103513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106103513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106103513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76185.476413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76185.476413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76185.476413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76185.476413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1392514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1400733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1400733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1400968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1400968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392465                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1392465                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108875521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108875521000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1397888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1397888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.996121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78189.053944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78189.053944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1392465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106090591000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 106090591000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996121                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996121                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76189.053944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76189.053944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.939936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2798858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1392700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.009663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.939936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4191558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4191558                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1392584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1393299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1393299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100531662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 100577036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100531662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 100577036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1393457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1393457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.734634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72186.254350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.734634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72186.254350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1392302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1392302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97746494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97790438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97746494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97790438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.734634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70186.254350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.734634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70186.254350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1392911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1393299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100531662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100577036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1393457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72190.734634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72186.254350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97746494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97790438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70190.734634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70186.254350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.842683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2785876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1393354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.991910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.888557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.962215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.531032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              4179230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             4179230                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1393457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1393457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1392419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4177819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 4179333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    178247616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                178296064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           8355552000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          6963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 129255153000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
