
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3905733000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 103187                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34343560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207830                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              401803439                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1002999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003906                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3905733000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1002999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      178450                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           266                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1297454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3905722                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3905722                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1579059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              732123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91342                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91342                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               145075                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65447                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1943188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1943188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3546721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1572012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      177584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23148      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1619075     80.14%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1189      0.06%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     782      0.04%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.09%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30975      1.53%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12648      0.63%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15123      0.75%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165560      8.19%     92.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120253      5.95%     98.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12024      0.60%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15611      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2020289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4659                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2145                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6804                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1606                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4476                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6082                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    364731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    364731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.256345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.471985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.256345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.471985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60702.988792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59705.540661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59968.924696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60702.988792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59705.540661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59968.924696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               42                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258290000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258290000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.256345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.256345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58702.988792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57705.540661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57968.924696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58702.988792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57705.540661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57968.924696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   210                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    364731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.256345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.471985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60702.988792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59705.540661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59968.924696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258290000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.256345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.676031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58702.988792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57705.540661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57968.924696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4085.963038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.542857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    12.418037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   927.377725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3146.167276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.062347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5662                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23592                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    274215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    274215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26594.413733                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26594.413733                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26594.413733                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26594.413733                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    253593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    253593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24594.413733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24594.413733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24594.413733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24594.413733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10055                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    274215000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26594.413733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26594.413733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    253593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24594.413733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24594.413733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               244.724063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  815513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.105221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.724063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.955953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.955953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1307765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1307765                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           42                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       391936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       391936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  391936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6292000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          102784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          286464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              389248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       102784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         102784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            42                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  42                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26316187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           73344491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               99660678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26316187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26316187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          688219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                688219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          688219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26316187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          73344491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             100348897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        42.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1606.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4472.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004068840500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13200                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  17                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6082                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          42                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6082                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        42                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       13.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      48127000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30390000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                162089500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7918.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26668.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4511                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       15                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 35.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6082                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    42                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     248.499363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    148.903299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.123176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           706     44.97%     44.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          381     24.27%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          161     10.25%     79.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           70      4.46%     83.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      3.44%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      1.91%     89.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      1.46%     90.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.96%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          130      8.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            4785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    4785.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  388992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     1152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   389248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         99.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      99.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3552001000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      580013.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       102784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       286208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         1152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26316186.999981820583                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 73278946.615142405033                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 294951.037359696638                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1606                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4476                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           42                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     43948250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    118141250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  13556104000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27365.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26394.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 322764380.95                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5954760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3165030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23162160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         798564300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         827326560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1966201410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.414189                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2142917500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    130260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1632555500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5255040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2793120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20234760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         661674810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         942601920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1940494290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.832295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2443643500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    130260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1331829500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    415180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    415180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    424729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46342.225695                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46342.225695                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45669.784946                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45669.784946                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    397264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    406131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44342.448934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44342.448934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        43670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9043                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30995.208016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30995.208016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28995.208016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28995.208016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272881000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272881000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62472.756410                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62472.756410                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264147000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264147000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60473.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60473.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9549000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      9549000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28002.932551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28002.932551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8867000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8867000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26002.932551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26002.932551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.175086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  231420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.591065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.175086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                323541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               323541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    520085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    520085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.657131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28048.204310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52002.869224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40357.336851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28048.204310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52002.869224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40357.336851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    494313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26048.204310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50003.171247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38357.492046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26048.204310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50003.171247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38357.492046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15478                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    520085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28048.204310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52002.869224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40357.336851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    163192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331121000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    494313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26048.204310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50003.171247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38357.492046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.584931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.870996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   106.036890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.677046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.261467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.514994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41342                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   44962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       962560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       659904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1622464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            51555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             48316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3905733000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7968971000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110645                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34365940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217703                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              440852509                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007969                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7968971000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      430003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      299868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7968960                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7968960                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2552559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309945                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       346026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113732                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113732                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               172175                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72144                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3114276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      429097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        728947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     299850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26430      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3100027     78.77%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4899      0.12%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6670      0.17%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1279      0.03%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32279      0.82%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13096      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19050      0.48%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.02%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   416601     10.59%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  268994      6.84%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12496      0.32%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30856      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3935402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7994                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7320                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15314                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2436                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6924                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9360                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    568854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    568854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        24674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        24674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.233557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.379347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.233557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.379347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61402.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60554.159445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        60775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61402.709360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60554.159445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        60775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          215                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              215                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550134000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    550134000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.233557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.233557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59402.709360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58554.159445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59402.709360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58554.159445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   557                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    568854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        24674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.233557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.379347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61402.709360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60554.159445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        60775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    405429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.233557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.486099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59402.709360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58554.159445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        58775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5577.752557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.373429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    24.827046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1357.888995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4195.036516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.020720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.085110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8887                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.135605                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            43998                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           43998                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    449319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    449319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25679.773675                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25679.773675                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25679.773675                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25679.773675                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    414325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23679.773675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23679.773675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23679.773675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23679.773675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17241                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    449319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25679.773675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25679.773675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23679.773675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23679.773675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.473465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2419501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                140.334145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.473465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631897                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       612800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       612800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  612800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           49930000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          155904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          443136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              599040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       155904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         155904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        13760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            13760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19563881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55607681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               75171562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19563881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19563881                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1726697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1726697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1726697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19563881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55607681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              76898260                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       205.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2436.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6917.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007906512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20962                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 164                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9360                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         215                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     10                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      81538250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                256907000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8717.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27467.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6550                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      128                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   215                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     214.014742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.487007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    253.388078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1381     48.47%     48.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          719     25.24%     73.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          287     10.07%     83.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          121      4.25%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           86      3.02%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      1.68%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      1.05%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.74%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          156      5.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      876.700000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     291.663784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1479.963967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              6     60.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     10.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1     10.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1     10.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.400000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.375077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.966092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     30.00%     30.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     70.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  598592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    11136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   599040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 13760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         75.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      75.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7964750000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      831827.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       155904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       442688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        11136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19563880.957779869437                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55551463.294319927692                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1397420.068412847817                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2436                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6924                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          215                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68336000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    188571000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 134593271000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28052.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27234.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 626015213.95                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10759980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5719065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35828520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              281880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      628776720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1566513330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1740915840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3988795335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.540827                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4510895500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    265980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3192095500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9581880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5092890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30951900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              626400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      628776720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1288340790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1975166400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3938536980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.234071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5121741000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    265980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2581250000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    871820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    871820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    885855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    885855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31384.139098                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31384.139098                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31425.556068                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31425.556068                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    816264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    829479000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29384.211095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29384.211095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29425.627018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29425.627018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27932                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21280.541455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21280.541455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19280.654258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19280.654258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    494516000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    494516000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49210.468703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49210.468703                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474418000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474418000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47210.468703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47210.468703                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14035000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14035000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.125343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  714188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.568810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.125343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                757912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               757912                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         10430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             24675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            24675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    870896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    870896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.540100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26873.921381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41460.231660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35294.670719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26873.921381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41460.231660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35294.670719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24873.921381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39460.372060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33294.751773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24873.921381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39460.372060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33294.751773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     31494                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            24675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    870896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26873.921381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41460.231660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35294.670719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24873.921381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39460.372060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33294.751773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.875627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                31494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.834191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.143719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.490757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.241151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.271765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                91428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               91428                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        70113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3802944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            114366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           140940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7968971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12605060000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111974                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34372256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   222324                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              470470000                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012605                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12605060000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702544                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12605049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12605049                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3567703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 216515                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        216515                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               325436                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135647                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11405889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1201774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41173      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553444     76.44%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15990      0.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16979      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2482      0.04%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5110      0.09%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56400      0.95%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       74      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25728      0.43%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36863      0.62%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    774      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676197     11.35%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  439681      7.38%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               25152      0.42%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60744      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19516                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13800                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33316                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3056                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12031                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15087                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    934128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    934128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.135389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.311696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.135389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.311696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62804.646597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61690.383177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61916.086697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62804.646597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61690.383177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61916.086697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          498                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              498                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    903954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    903954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.135389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.135389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60804.646597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59690.383177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59916.086697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60804.646597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59690.383177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59916.086697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1377                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    191931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    934128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.135389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.311696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62804.646597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61690.383177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61916.086697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    718135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    903954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.135389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.465758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60804.646597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59690.383177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59916.086697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7714.798479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.973130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    36.492726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1704.099866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5974.205887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.091159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.117718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1025                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.210953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            81859                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           81859                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    916394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    916394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    916394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    916394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21517.152316                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21517.152316                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21517.152316                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21517.152316                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    831216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    831216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19517.152316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19517.152316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19517.152316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19517.152316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42333                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    916394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    916394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21517.152316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21517.152316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    831216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19517.152316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19517.152316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.506102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3660407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.466988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.506102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960228                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15087                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       997440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       997440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  997440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17577000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           80748750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          195584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          769984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              965568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       195584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         195584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        31872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            31872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           498                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 498                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15516309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61085310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               76601619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15516309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15516309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2528508                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2528508                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2528508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15516309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61085310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              79130127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       484.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3056.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12018.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007906512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            26                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            26                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33873                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 428                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15087                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         498                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15087                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       498                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     148427500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    75370000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                431065000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9846.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28596.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9476                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      351                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15087                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   498                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     174.340179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.677893                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    202.957425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3125     54.85%     54.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1220     21.41%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          726     12.74%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          213      3.74%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          140      2.46%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      0.93%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      0.58%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.47%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          160      2.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      540.538462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     270.108406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     953.745133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             16     61.54%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3     11.54%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      7.69%     80.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      7.69%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.461538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.438161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.904689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     26.92%     26.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                19     73.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  964736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    29056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   965568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 31872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      76.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12604257000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      808742.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       195584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       769152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        29056                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15516308.530066497624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61019304.945791609585                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2305106.044715376105                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12031                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          498                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     89951500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    341113500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 243499842250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29434.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28352.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 488955506.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19834920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10542510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55256460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              683820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      994487520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2988572700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2323650240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6393028170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.179511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6012882750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    420680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6171497250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20870220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11077605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52371900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1686060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      994487520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2705914260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2561678400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6348085965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.614101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6632919000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    420680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5551461000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1520150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1520150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1534185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1534185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32311.305716                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32311.305716                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32327.896833                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32327.896833                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1426058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1439273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1439273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30311.348226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30311.348226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30327.938976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30327.938976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47200                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    644441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    644441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20762.299043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20762.299043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    582365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18762.363478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18762.363478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    875709000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    875709000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54704.460270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54704.460270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    843693000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    843693000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52704.460270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52704.460270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14035000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14035000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.814834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1186145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.130191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.814834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1250240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1250240                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    479255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1053938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1533193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    479255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1053938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1533193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           90046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          90046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.537547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21232.278930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40799.705791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31674.923560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21232.278930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40799.705791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31674.923560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1002276000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1002276000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19232.278930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38799.783215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29674.964879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19232.278930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38799.783215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29674.964879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61262                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    479255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1053938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1533193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          90046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21232.278930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40799.705791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31674.923560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1002276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19232.278930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38799.783215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29674.964879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.392554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 112091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.829699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.658542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   102.093060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   269.640953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.268864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.199401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.526642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                90046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               90045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        85178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  203809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2725696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7280832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           212945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            208636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           237280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12605060000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17061796000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116745                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34375804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233119                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              497912612                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017062                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17061796000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1636                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669007                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           297                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17061785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17061785                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4705712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2469517                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 327688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        327688                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               502201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              216712                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15428314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304533                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962208                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59935      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041717     75.63%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23656      0.30%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28382      0.36%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3307      0.04%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9062      0.11%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    92052      1.15%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       80      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    42536      0.53%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54598      0.68%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1946      0.02%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920110     11.52%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  590957      7.40%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               42098      0.53%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              77996      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7988466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           57360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22796                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          57360                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3306                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15470                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18776                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    960881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1170890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    960881000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1170890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.404275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.246611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.404275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.246611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63523.593466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62112.540401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62360.992757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63523.593466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62112.540401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62360.992757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          618                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              618                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1133338000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929941000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1133338000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.404275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.404275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61523.593466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60112.540401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60360.992757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61523.593466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60112.540401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60360.992757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1640                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          57360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    210009000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    960881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1170890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.404275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.246611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63523.593466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62112.540401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62360.992757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    203397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1133338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.087299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.404275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61523.593466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60112.540401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60360.992757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9754.361711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.134756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    41.203385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1884.802053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7828.356274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.028760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.119451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.148840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        17255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.263290                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           119853                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          119853                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1402127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1402127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20126.417478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20126.417478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20126.417478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20126.417478                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1262795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1262795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18126.417478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18126.417478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18126.417478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18126.417478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      69410                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1402127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20126.417478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20126.417478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1262795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1262795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18126.417478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18126.417478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.418748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4853464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 69410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.924564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.418748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5277926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5277926                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          618                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        38170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        38170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  38170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1241216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1241216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1241216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21866000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          100622250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          211584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          990080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1201664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       211584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         211584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        39552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            39552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15470                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18776                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 618                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12401039                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58029061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70430100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12401039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12401039                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2318162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2318162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2318162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12401039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58029061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              72748262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       603.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3306.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15454.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007906512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                42510                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 545                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18776                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         618                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18776                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       618                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     192941500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    93800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                544691500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10284.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29034.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11253                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      444                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18776                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   618                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.976963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.979415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.917805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4320     56.54%     56.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1618     21.18%     77.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1014     13.27%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          253      3.31%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          154      2.02%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      0.75%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      0.46%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.35%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          162      2.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      551.060606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     303.249611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     856.375244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             18     54.55%     54.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      9.09%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            5     15.15%     78.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      9.09%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      6.06%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.515152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.493306                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.870388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     24.24%     24.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                25     75.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1200640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    36992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1201664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 39552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         70.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17060703000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      879689.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       211584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       989056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        36992                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12401039.140310902148                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 57969043.821646906435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2168118.760768209584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3306                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15470                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          618                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     99665000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    445026500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 350327937750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30146.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28767.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 566873685.68                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25896780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13760670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             67922820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              897840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1346676240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4045779630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3144757440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8645691420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.728097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8137122500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    569660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8355013500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28659960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15233130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             66023580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2119320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1346676240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3770140740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3376874400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8605727370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.385785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8741963250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    569660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7750172750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2080826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2080826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2094861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2094861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31068.233397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31068.233397                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31087.481079                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31087.481079                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1946876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1960091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1960091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29068.263258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29068.263258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29087.510759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29087.510759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    933033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    933033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20098.507205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20098.507205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    840189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    840189000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18098.550288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18098.550288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1147793000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1147793000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55845.521335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55845.521335                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1106687000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106687000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53845.521335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53845.521335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14035000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     14035000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13215000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32231.707317                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.124413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1614803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.055222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.124413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1699786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1699786                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695707000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1427399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2123106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695707000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1427399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2123106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          137052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         137052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18370.926855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37301.042674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27885.338272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18370.926855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37301.042674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27885.338272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    619967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1350867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1970834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    619967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1350867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1970834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16370.926855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35301.094938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25885.364540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16370.926855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35301.094938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25885.364540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93821                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    695707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1427399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2123106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         137052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18370.926855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37301.042674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27885.338272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    619967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1350867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1970834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16370.926855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35301.094938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25885.364540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.073649                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 167659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.787009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.564488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.885549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   273.623611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.198995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.534421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          357                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               263481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              263481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               137052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              137051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       166867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  306199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4458624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10825408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           348330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17061796000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21533216000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120279                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34385596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   239728                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              517992745                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021533                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21533216000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1148432                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      865766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           934                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21533205                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21533205                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       757534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               612618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9678803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9678803                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19082946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     865666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70202      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7565946     75.92%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34403      0.35%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34245      0.34%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4101      0.04%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.11%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110866      1.11%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52686      0.53%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67696      0.68%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094322     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770883      7.74%     98.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52412      0.53%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94783      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9965931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        44398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           72680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        44398                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28282                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          72680                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4026                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27715                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1466497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1724234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1466497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1724234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.276060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.276060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64018.132141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61906.243404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62213.025437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64018.132141                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61906.243404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62213.025437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5446                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5446                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1668804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1668804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62018.132141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59906.243404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60213.025437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62018.132141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59906.243404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60213.025437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7095                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        44398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          72680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1466497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1724234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.276060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64018.132141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61906.243404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62213.025437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1668804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.083141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62018.132141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59906.243404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60213.025437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        11712.009594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              30266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7095                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.265821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    44.670269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2015.754083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  9651.585241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.030758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.147272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.178711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        20797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.317337                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           162931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          162931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1764054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1764054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20077.096422                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20077.096422                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20077.096422                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20077.096422                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1588326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588326000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1588326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588326000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18077.096422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18077.096422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18077.096422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18077.096422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      87608                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1764054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1764054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20077.096422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20077.096422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1588326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588326000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18077.096422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18077.096422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.954751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6114714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 87608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.796297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.954751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6573777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6573777                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        60876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        60876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2122304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2122304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2122304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            54945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          148331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          257664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1516096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1773760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       257664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         257664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       348544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           348544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11965886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           70407319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               82373204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11965886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11965886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16186342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16186342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16186342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11965886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          70407319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              98559546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5430.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4026.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     23669.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007906512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           304                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           304                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                66317                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5121                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27715                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5446                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27715                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5446                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     280793500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   138475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                800074750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10138.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28888.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17516                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4650                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27715                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5446                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     193.638325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.880874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    236.820007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5793     52.96%     52.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2387     21.82%     74.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1362     12.45%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          355      3.25%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          239      2.19%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          124      1.13%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           92      0.84%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           80      0.73%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          506      4.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.088816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.677599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     329.458384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            285     93.75%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      1.64%     95.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      1.97%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            4      1.32%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.66%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.33%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.799342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.788646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.599119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                30      9.87%      9.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.33%     10.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               273     89.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1772480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   346304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1773760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                348544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      82.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21532996000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      649347.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       257664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1514816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       346304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11965885.634547110647                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 70347875.579755485058                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16082316.733366720378                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4026                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23689                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5446                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    123339000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    676735750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 476902947250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30635.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28567.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  87569399.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37377900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19866825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             96697020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13133520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1699479600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5254943430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3843539520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10965037815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.215057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9938416250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    718900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10875899750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              40733700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21642885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            101045280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15111900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1699479600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5006692470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4052592960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10937298795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.926860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10482776250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    718900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10331539750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2875251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2875251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2918455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2918455000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33739.949306                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33739.949306                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33929.605301                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33929.605301                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2704817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2704817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2746427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2746427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31739.972776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31739.972776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31929.628553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31929.628553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85758                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1132119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1132119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20196.935098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20196.935098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1020011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1020011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18196.935098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18196.935098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1743132000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1743132000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59769.990399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59769.990399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1684806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1684806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57770.058977                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57770.058977                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43204000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43204000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54208.281054                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54208.281054                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41610000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41610000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52208.281054                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52208.281054                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.306230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 85758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.435528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.306230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2099888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2099888                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    879197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2094742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2973939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    879197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2094742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2973939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          173879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         173879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.577390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18156.224186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40305.202802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29622.086537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18156.224186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40305.202802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29622.086537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    782349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1990800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2773149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    782349000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1990800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2773149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16156.224186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38305.241284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27622.106458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16156.224186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38305.241284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27622.106458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    122192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    879197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2094742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2973939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         173879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18156.224186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40305.202802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29622.086537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    782349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1990800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2773149000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16156.224186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38305.241284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27622.106458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.473660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 216250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.769756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   126.309564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.248162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   286.915933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.246698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.560383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               339723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              339723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              173878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       215169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  390897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5623296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           439320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            389579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21533216000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25743871000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123578                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34399828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   245272                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              530201250                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025744                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25743871000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1314536                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1321074                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1021912                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1071                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7828993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           443                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25743860                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25743860                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3885654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11616183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11616183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1021813                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71468      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9176702     77.05%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35108      0.29%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.29%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.09%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.93%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1266748     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  925619      7.77%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.44%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11909448                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        51132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           80171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        51132                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29039                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          80171                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        28764                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         33359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4595                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28764                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        33359                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1773955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2067811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1773955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2067811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.293834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.293834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63951.251360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61672.750661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61986.600318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63951.251360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61672.750661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61986.600318                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        10250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            10250                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        33359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        33359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1716427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1716427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61951.251360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.750661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59986.600318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61951.251360                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.750661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59986.600318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 12119                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        51132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          80171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        33359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1773955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2067811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.293834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63951.251360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61672.750661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61986.600318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1716427000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.082456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61951.251360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59672.750661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59986.600318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        13278.011772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              43248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12119                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.568611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.055958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2153.562803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 11074.393010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.032861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.168982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.202606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        21454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12292                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.327362                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           187491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          187491                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2237689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2237689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2237689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2237689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19432.818063                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19432.818063                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19432.818063                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19432.818063                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17432.835432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17432.835432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17432.835432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17432.835432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     114893                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2237689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2237689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19432.818063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19432.818063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17432.835432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17432.835432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.289271                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7544664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                114893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 65.666873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.289271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7944142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7944142                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        76968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        76968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  76968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2790976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2790976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2790976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            84609000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          178225750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          294080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1840896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2134976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       294080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         294080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       656000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           656000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                33359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         10250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               10250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11423301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71508127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               82931429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11423301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11423301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25481793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25481793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25481793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11423301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71508127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             108413222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10234.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4595.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28743.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007906512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           573                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           573                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                83423                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                9688                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        33359                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       10250                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      33359                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     10250                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     330647500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   166690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                955735000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9918.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28668.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22280                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8847                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  33359                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 10250                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     224.448454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.174917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    274.146617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6065     48.85%     48.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2858     23.02%     71.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1459     11.75%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          411      3.31%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          296      2.38%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          172      1.39%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          140      1.13%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          150      1.21%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          865      6.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12416                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       58.155323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.045959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     242.413676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            554     96.68%     96.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      0.87%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      1.05%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            4      0.70%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.809773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.799530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.585765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                54      9.42%      9.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.17%      9.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               518     90.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2133632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   653120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2134976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                656000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      82.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25721853000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      589829.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       294080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1839552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       653120                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11423301.491838581860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71455920.517936095595                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25369922.029208425432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4595                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28764                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        10250                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    140485750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    815249250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 566179644250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30573.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28342.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  55237038.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              42175980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              22417065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            115168200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            25390080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2031999840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5706541890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5080137600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13023830655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.900245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13144810250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    859560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11739500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              46474260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24701655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            122865120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            27880020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2031999840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5497069740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5256535200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13007525835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.266898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13604309250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    859560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11280001750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3290219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3290219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3333423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3333423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35958.284609                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35958.284609                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36115.874667                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36115.874667                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3107217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3107217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3148827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33958.284609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33958.284609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34115.874667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34115.874667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      92042                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1151829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1151829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20237.705350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20237.705350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1037999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18237.705350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18237.705350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2138390000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2138390000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61828.196380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61828.196380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2069218000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2069218000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59828.196380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59828.196380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43204000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     43204000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54208.281054                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54208.281054                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41610000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41610000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52208.281054                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52208.281054                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.419703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2112959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 92042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.956466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.419703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2434958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2434958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               93917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              93917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            113531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           113531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1009117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2467866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3476983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1009117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2467866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3476983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          207448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         207448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.547274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18107.899081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42694.427625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30625.846685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18107.899081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42694.427625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30625.846685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    897663000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2352260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3249923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    897663000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2352260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3249923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16107.934970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40694.427625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28625.864301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16107.934970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40694.427625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28625.864301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    136023                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              93917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           113531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1009117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2467866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3476983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         207448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18107.899081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42694.427625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30625.846685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    897663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2352260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3249923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16107.934970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40694.427625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28625.864301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.723307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 237413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               136023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.745389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.179952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.154206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.389148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.230820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.219051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               392793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              392793                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               207448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              207447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       233406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       230299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  463705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9030912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7369536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           575745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            451498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           461490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25743871000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29750338000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 132080                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34406736                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   259636                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              561341883                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029750                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29750338000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1537484                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2346                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           474                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29750338                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29750338                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4557308                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25995195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666047                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130275                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72686      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10700726     77.76%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36228      0.26%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.26%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.08%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.81%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.38%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.50%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483158     10.78%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034081      7.51%     98.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.38%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13760682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           90886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60172                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30714                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          90886                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        29830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         34614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4784                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29830                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        34614                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1845184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2151629000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1845184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2151629000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.275809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.275809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64056.229097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61856.654375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62160.657537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64056.229097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61856.654375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62160.657537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        11233                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            11233                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        34614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        34614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1785524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2082401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1785524000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2082401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62056.229097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59856.654375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60160.657537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62056.229097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59856.654375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60160.657537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 13244                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          90886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        34614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1845184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2151629000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.275809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64056.229097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61856.654375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62160.657537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1785524000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2082401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.073650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62056.229097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59856.654375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60160.657537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        14384.966467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             167107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.796963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    55.065944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2280.872362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 12049.028162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.034803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.183854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.219497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        21592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.329468                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           201943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          201943                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2816292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2816292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2816292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2816292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18719.620329                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18719.620329                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18719.620329                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18719.620329                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2515400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2515400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16719.620329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16719.620329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16719.620329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16719.620329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     150190                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2816292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2816292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18719.620329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18719.620329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2515400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2515400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16719.620329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16719.620329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.519654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                150446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.822328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.519654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9300922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9300922                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11233                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        80461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        80461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  80461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2934208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2934208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2934208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            90779000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          185009250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          306176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1909120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2215296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       306176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         306176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       718912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           718912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11233                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11233                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10291513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64171372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74462885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10291513                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10291513                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        24164835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              24164835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        24164835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10291513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64171372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              98627720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11217.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4784.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     29809.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007906512750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           629                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           629                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                87928                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10612                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34614                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11233                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34614                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11233                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     349010750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   172965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                997629500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10089.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28839.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22874                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9646                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34614                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11233                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    34584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     220.982954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.172323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    269.560746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6455     48.69%     48.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3146     23.73%     72.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1530     11.54%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          446      3.36%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          316      2.38%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          185      1.40%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          149      1.12%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          156      1.18%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          875      6.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       54.968203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      24.691329                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     231.598321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            610     96.98%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      0.79%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            6      0.95%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            4      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            629                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.782194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.770737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.619688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                67     10.65%     10.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.48%     11.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               559     88.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            629                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2213952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   715840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2215296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                718912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         24.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      24.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29739685000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      648672.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       306176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1907776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       715840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10291513.326672120020                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64126195.809943400323                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 24061575.367647923529                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4784                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29830                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11233                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    146765500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    850864000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 665255203500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30678.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28523.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  59223288.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              44903460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23866755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            119380800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            27927000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2347924800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6128853180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6262990560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14955846555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.711820                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16215631750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    993200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12541506250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              49758660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              26447355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            127613220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            30458700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2347924800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5815304730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6527031360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14924538825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.659471                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16904520750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    993200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11852617250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3351907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3351907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3486834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3486834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35891.113705                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35891.113705                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35881.637441                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35881.637441                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3165125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3165125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3292482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3292482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33891.113705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33891.113705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33881.637441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33881.637441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      96920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1172675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1172675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20254.153857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20254.153857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1056879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1056879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18254.153857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18254.153857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2179232000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2179232000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61398.923731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61398.923731                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2108246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2108246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59398.923731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59398.923731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134927000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    134927000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35647.820343                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35647.820343                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127357000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127357000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33647.820343                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33647.820343                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.497851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 97176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.450523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.497851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2764708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2764708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           85490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              122122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             122122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         64956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            125500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           125500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2572596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3713901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2572596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3713901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.506821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17570.432293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42491.345137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29592.836653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17570.432293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42491.345137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29592.836653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2451508000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3462901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2451508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3462901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15570.432293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40491.345137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27592.836653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15570.432293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40491.345137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27592.836653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    149066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             122122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           125500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2572596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3713901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17570.432293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42491.345137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29592.836653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2451508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3462901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15570.432293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40491.345137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27592.836653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.895239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 298328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               149578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   117.131470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   129.477175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   264.286594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.228772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.252885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.516185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               447906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              447906                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       300892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  545950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9464448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9628544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19092992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           752230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           485880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29750338000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
