
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12065580000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61003                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34256796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    76272                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              736016764                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1250324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012066                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12065580000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51458                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1250324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11078                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      802053                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3118                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534485                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12065569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12065569                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               260664                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              268109                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 756377                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        756377                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               758042                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1249141                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1249141                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3012244                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             396210                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        813082                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     802052                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    435690     34.80%     34.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     34.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     34.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     34.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     35.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     35.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10660      0.85%     35.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48094      3.84%     39.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             753958     60.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1251879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        99512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        100262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99512                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       100262                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5817560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   5861942000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5817560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   5861942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58460.889139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58466.238455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58460.889139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58466.238455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        33884                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            33884                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       100262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       100262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5618536000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5661418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5618536000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5661418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56460.889139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56466.238455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56460.889139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56466.238455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 34726                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       100262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5817560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5861942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58460.889139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58466.238455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5618536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5661418000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56460.889139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56466.238455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        98940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        98940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        98940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        43998.485881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              68799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.981196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   395.092302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 43603.393579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.665335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.671364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           299621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          299621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533526                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533526                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.938087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.109551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.938087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535444                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        33884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       234408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       234408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 234408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      8585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      8585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           269682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          528062000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6368768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6416768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2168576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2168576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         33884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               33884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3978259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          527845988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              531824247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3978259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3978259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       179732429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             179732429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       179732429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3978259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         527845988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             711556676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     33884.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99512.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118516500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1988                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1988                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               235742                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               31896                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       33884                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     33884                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              2178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        9.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     646631500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   501310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2526544000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6449.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25199.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     91383                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    30550                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 33884                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     704.341375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    502.405762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    399.854626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1109      9.10%      9.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2159     17.72%     26.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          390      3.20%     30.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          404      3.32%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          337      2.77%     36.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          381      3.13%     39.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          325      2.67%     41.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          412      3.38%     45.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6669     54.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       50.429074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.242491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1460.572393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          1987     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.031187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.007868                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.890046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               757     38.08%     38.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               412     20.72%     58.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               819     41.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6416768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2166912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6416768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2168576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        531.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        179.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     531.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     179.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12065538000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       89943.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6368768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2166912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3978258.815572894178                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 527845988.340386509895                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 179594515.970222741365                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99512                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        33884                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19377500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2507166500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 105383901000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25836.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25194.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3110137.56                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43561140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23153295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            358699320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            89888400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      952077360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2852600340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2230992960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6550972815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         542.947195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5729544750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    402740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5933295250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              43454040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23092575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            357171360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            86850360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      952077360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2831117040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2249084160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6542846895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.273715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5777442250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    402740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5885397750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           711918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               711918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          711918                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              711918                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99658                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99658                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7511518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7511518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7511518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7511518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       811576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           811576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       811576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          811576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75372.955508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75372.955508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75372.955508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75372.955508                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99229                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99229                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7312204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7312204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7312204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7312204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73372.975576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73372.975576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73372.975576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73372.975576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99401                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         701117                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             701117                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99381                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7496257000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7496257000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         800498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75429.478472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75429.478472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7297497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7297497000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124149                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73429.498596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73429.498596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.537011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  809534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.144123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.537011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                911233                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               911233                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100420                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6912426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6966865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6912426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6966865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69449.980408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69377.265485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69449.980408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69377.265485                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          98940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                98940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6713366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6766027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6713366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6766027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998042                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67450.000502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67377.285401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67450.000502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67377.285401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100144                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6912426000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6966865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69449.980408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69377.265485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6713366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6766027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67450.000502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67377.285401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99229                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99229                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99229                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99229                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.727230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 199077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.868449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.290232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.568549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.010332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300502                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100617                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99229                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12728704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12790080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            596762000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           498285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12065580000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24949816000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  67272                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82699                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              839200831                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2458663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024950                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24949816000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             93125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2458663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11078                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1637019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3081043                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24949805                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24949805                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               468999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              518109                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1548049                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1548049                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1549713                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2459108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2459108                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5977105                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             729544                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1648048                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1637018                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    810691     32.93%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     32.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     33.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     33.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10660      0.43%     33.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91388      3.71%     37.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1545630     62.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2461846                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       203679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        204429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203679                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       204429                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12379499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12423881000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12379499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12423881000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       204586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       204586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60779.456890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60773.574199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60779.456890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60773.574199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       138051                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           138051                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       204429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       204429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11972141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12015023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11972141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12015023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58779.456890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58773.574199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58779.456890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58773.574199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                138893                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       204429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12379499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12423881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       204586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60779.456890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60773.574199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11972141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12015023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58779.456890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58773.574199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203107                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203107                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        55120.588535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             277133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           138893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.995299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   191.064246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 54929.524289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.838158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           612122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          612122                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3080084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3080084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3080084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3080084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3081043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3081043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3080084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3080084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3081043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.486466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.109551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.486466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3082002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3082002                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       138051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       546909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       546909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 546909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     21918720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     21918720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                21918720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           894684000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1076319250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13035456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13083456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      8835264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          8835264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        138051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              138051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1923862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          522467019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524390881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1923862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1923862                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       354121409                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             354121409                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       354121409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1923862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         522467019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             878512290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    138051.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203679.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118516500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          8105                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          8105                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               546109                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              130037                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204429                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      138051                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204429                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    138051                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               8578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               8594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               8616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               8586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               8639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               8593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               8594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               8576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               8576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               8643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              8641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              8704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              8704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              8706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              8701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              8576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1790506000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1022145000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5623549750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8758.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27508.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    184537                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   124546                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204429                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                138051                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    3300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    5021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    8106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    8106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    8106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    8106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    8106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    8106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    8106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    8133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    8105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        33372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     656.740261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    443.760894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    412.825386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3902     11.69%     11.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6480     19.42%     31.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1224      3.67%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1073      3.22%     37.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1079      3.23%     41.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1034      3.10%     44.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1048      3.14%     47.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1154      3.46%     50.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16378     49.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         33372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       25.221715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.063792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     723.366311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          8104     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           8105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.029858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.006585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              3085     38.06%     38.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              1693     20.89%     58.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              3327     41.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           8105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13083456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  8833728                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13083456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               8835264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        354.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     354.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24949728000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       72850.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13035456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      8833728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1923861.883390242234                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 522467019.396054863930                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 354059845.571606636047                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203679                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       138051                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19377500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5604172250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 417138768000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25836.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27514.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3021628.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             118995240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              63243675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            730372020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           361490220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1969306560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5892371580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4618732320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13754511615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.287096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11826166000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    833040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12290610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             119287980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              63403065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729251040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           359010720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1969306560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5877666720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4631115360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13749041445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         551.067849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11858412500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    833040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12258363500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1441089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1441089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1441089                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1441089                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203825                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203825                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15844296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15844296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15844296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15844296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1644914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1644914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1644914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1644914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77734.801913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77734.801913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77734.801913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77734.801913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203396                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203396                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15436648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15436648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15436648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15436648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75734.811726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75734.811726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75734.811726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75734.811726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203568                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1430288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1430288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15829035000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15829035000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1633836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1633836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77765.613025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77765.613025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15421941000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15421941000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75765.622851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75765.622851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.808913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1642870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.070375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.808913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1848738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1848738                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203698                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204587                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14620202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  14674641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14620202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  14674641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71773.910397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71728.120555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71773.910397                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71728.120555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         203107                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               203107                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14212808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14265469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14212808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14265469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69773.920215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69728.130331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69773.920215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69728.130331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204311                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14620202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14674641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71773.910397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71728.120555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14212808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14265469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69773.920215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69728.130331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203396                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203396                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203396                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203396                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.417308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204311                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.419977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.558324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.439007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               613003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              613003                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204783                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203396                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       611045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  612963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26062080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26123456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1221764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1019120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24949816000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                37834243000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  68439                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    83654                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              863100376                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3667006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.037834                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 37834243000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134792                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3667006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11078                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2471987                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9630                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627606                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         37834232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   37834232                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               677334                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              768111                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       132080                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339722                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339722                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2341386                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3669079                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3669079                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8941974                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1062880                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2483016                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2471986                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1185694     32.29%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10660      0.29%     32.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134683      3.67%     36.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2337303     63.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3671817                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       307846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        308596                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307846                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       308596                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18941615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  18985997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18941615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  18985997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       308753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       308753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.514757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61523.794864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.514757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61523.794864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       242218                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           242218                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       308596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       308596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18325923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18368805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18325923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18368805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.514757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.794864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.514757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.794864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                243060                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       308596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18941615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18985997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       308753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61529.514757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61523.794864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18325923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18368805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59529.514757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59523.794864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        58667.550177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             485467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           243060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   125.997440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 58541.552737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.893273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.895196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           924623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          924623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626647                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626647                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.661349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.109551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.661349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628565                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628565                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       242218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       859410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       859410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 859410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     35252096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     35252096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                35252096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1519686000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1624578750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19702144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19750144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     15501952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         15501952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        242218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              242218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1268692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          520748995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              522017686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1268692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1268692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       409733373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             409733373                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       409733373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1268692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         520748995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             931751059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    242218.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307846.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118516500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         14221                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         14222                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               856471                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              228184                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308596                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      242218                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308596                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    242218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              15106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              15122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              15144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              15114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              15167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              15121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              15122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              15104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              15104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              15171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             15169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             15232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             15150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             15106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             15166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             15104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2934555250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1542980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8720730250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9509.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28259.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    277691                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   218549                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308596                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                242218                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    5790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    8812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   14271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   14222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        54557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     646.131715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    431.555972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    414.988745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6700     12.28%     12.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10809     19.81%     32.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2044      3.75%     35.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1731      3.17%     39.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1834      3.36%     42.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1685      3.09%     45.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1756      3.22%     48.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1904      3.49%     52.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        26094     47.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         54557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       21.698495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.039312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     546.078594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         14221     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          14222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.030096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.006829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.888872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              5410     38.04%     38.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2973     20.91%     58.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              5838     41.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          14221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19750144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 15500928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19750144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              15501952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        522.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        409.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     522.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     409.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    37834131000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       68687.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19702144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     15500928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1268691.962463739561                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 520748994.502149879932                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 409706307.590190231800                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307846                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       242218                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19377500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8701352750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 728923902000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25836.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28265.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3009371.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             194515020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             103383390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1101245040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           632664000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2986535760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8927923110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7010098560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20956364880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.899410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17931724750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1263340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18639178250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             195021960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             103656630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102130400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           631620000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2986535760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8930520030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7007911680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         20957396460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.926676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17926159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1263340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18644744000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2170262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2170262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2170262                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2170262                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         307992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             307992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        307992                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            307992                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24177251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24177251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24177251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24177251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2478254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2478254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2478254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2478254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78499.607133                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78499.607133                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78499.607133                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78499.607133                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307563                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307563                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        307992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       307992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23561269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23561269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23561269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23561269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76499.613626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76499.613626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76499.613626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76499.613626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307735                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2159461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2159461                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24161990000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24161990000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2467176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2467176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78520.676600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78520.676600                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23546562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23546562000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76520.683100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76520.683100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.214537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2476206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.046553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.214537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2786245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2786245                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22328155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22382594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22328155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22382594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          308951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         308951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72525.798646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72493.292395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72525.798646                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72493.292395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21712427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21765088000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21712427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21765088000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70525.805142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70493.298872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70525.805142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70493.298872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308478                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22328155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22382594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         308951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72525.798646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72493.292395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21712427000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21765088000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70525.805142                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70493.298872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.956293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.276954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.687089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   508.992250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925504                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               308951                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              308950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307563                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39395456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39456832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1846766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1539955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  37834243000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                50717773000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  73192                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    89208                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              928030803                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4875324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.050718                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 50717773000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176458                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4875324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11078                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3306936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12884                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6174134                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         50717762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   50717762                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               885664                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1018109                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3131377                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3131377                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3133042                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4879024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4879024                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11906776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1396210                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3317965                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3306935                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1560690     31.97%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10660      0.22%     32.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177977      3.65%     35.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3128958     64.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4881762                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       412012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        412762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412012                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       412762                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25502955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  25547337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25502955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  25547337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       412919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       412919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61898.573343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61893.626351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61898.573343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61893.626351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       346384                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           346384                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       412762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       412762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24678931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24721813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24678931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24721813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59898.573343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59893.626351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59898.573343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59893.626351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                347226                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       412762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25502955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25547337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       412919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61898.573343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61893.626351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24678931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24721813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59898.573343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59893.626351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        60412.301063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             693799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           347226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    93.991070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 60318.309992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.920384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1237121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1237121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6173175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6173175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6173175                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6173175                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6174134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6174134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6173175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6173175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6174134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.747375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.109551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.747375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6175093                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6175093                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              412762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             412762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       346384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1171908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1171908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1171908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     48585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     48585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2144682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2172831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26368768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26416768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     22168576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         22168576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           412012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               412762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        346384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              346384                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             946414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          519911787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              520858201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        946414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            946414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       437096794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             437096794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       437096794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            946414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         519911787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             957954995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    346384.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    412012.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118516500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         20340                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         20340                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1166831                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              326319                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       412762                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      346384                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     412762                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    346384                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              21634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              21650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              21672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              21642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              21695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              21649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              21650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              21632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              21632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              21699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             21587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             21632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             21632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             21634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             21694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             21632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4077882500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2063810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11817170000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9879.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28629.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    370862                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   312560                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 412762                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                346384                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   412762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   12582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   20341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   20410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   20340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        75704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     641.760964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    426.789388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.697620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9448     12.48%     12.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15141     20.00%     32.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2872      3.79%     36.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2392      3.16%     39.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2587      3.42%     42.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2334      3.08%     45.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2478      3.27%     49.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2646      3.50%     52.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        35806     47.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         75704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        20340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.292970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.028158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     456.625809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         20339    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          20340                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        20340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7759     38.15%     38.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              4236     20.83%     58.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8345     41.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          20340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26416768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 22167424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26416768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              22168576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        520.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        437.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     520.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     437.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    50717731000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       66808.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26368768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     22167424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 946413.794627772761                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 519911787.136237204075                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 437074080.520057499409                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       412012                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       346384                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19377500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11797792500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1040682742750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25836.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28634.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3004419.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             269863440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             143428230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1472110920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           903801240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4003150320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       11966788050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9398329920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28157472120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.179584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24029563750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1693380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24994829250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             270677400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             143868450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475009760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           904229280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4003150320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11978614410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9388370880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28163920500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.306726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24003500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1693380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25020892250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2899418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2899418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2899418                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2899418                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412158                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412158                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32509413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32509413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32509413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32509413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3311576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3311576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3311576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3311576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78876.093634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78876.093634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78876.093634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78876.093634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411729                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411729                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31685099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31685099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31685099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31685099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76876.098487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76876.098487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76876.098487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76876.098487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     411901                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2888617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2888617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32494152000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32494152000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3300498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3300498                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78892.087763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78892.087763                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31670392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31670392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76892.092619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76892.092619                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.414064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3309534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                411901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.034780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.414064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3723733                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3723733                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        412031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            412920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412031                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           412920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30035321000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30089760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30035321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30089760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          413117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         413117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72895.779686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72870.677129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72895.779686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72870.677129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411440                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411440                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29211261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29263922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29211261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29263922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70895.784540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70870.681972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70895.784540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70870.681972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412644                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           412920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30035321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30089760000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         413117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72895.779686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72870.677129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29211261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29263922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70895.784540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70870.681972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.221420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 824077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412644                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.206601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.258528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.756291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1238002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1238002                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               413117                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              413116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411729                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1236044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1237962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52728704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52790080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2471762000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2060785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  50717773000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                63602318000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83955                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   102150                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1067938329                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6083663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.063602                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 63602318000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218125                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6083663                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11078                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4141902                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16140                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720692                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         63602307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   63602307                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1093999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1268109                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3923049                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3923049                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3924713                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6088991                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6088991                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14871637                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1729544                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4152931                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4141901                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1935691     31.78%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10660      0.17%     32.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221271      3.63%     35.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3920630     64.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6091729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       516179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        516929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516179                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       516929                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32065203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32109585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32065203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32109585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       517086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       517086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62120.316789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62116.044950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62120.316789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62116.044950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       450551                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           450551                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       516929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       516929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31032845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31075727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31032845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31075727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60120.316789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60116.044950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60120.316789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60116.044950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                451393                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       516929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32065203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32109585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       517086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62120.316789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62116.044950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31032845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31075727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60120.316789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60116.044950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        61450.258980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             902133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           451393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    74.950378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 61375.308602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.936513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1549622                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1549622                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7719733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7719733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7719733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7719733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7719733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7719733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.798552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.109551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.798552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721651                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721651                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              516929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             516929                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       450551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1484409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1484409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1484409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     61918720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     61918720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                61918720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2769684000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2721091750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33035456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33083456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     28835264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         28835264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               516929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        450551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              450551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             754689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          519406478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              520161168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        754689                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            754689                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       453368130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             453368130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       453368130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            754689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         519406478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             973529298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    450551.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516179.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118516500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         26457                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         26457                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1477199                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              424455                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       516929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      450551                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     516929                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    450551                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              28162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              28178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              28200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              28170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              28223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              28177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              28178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              28151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              28034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              28099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             28097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             28160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             28160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             28162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             28222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             28160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5222062500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2584645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14914481250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10102.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28852.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    464020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   406562                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 516929                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                450551                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   516929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   16367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   26458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   26547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   26457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        96879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     639.120718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    423.838201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.159699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12235     12.63%     12.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19467     20.09%     32.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3693      3.81%     36.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3061      3.16%     39.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3329      3.44%     43.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2985      3.08%     46.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3197      3.30%     49.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3396      3.51%     53.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        45516     46.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         96879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        26457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.538345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.022979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     400.374100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         26456    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          26457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        26457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.028877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             10091     38.14%     38.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              5511     20.83%     58.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             10855     41.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          26457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33083456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 28834112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33083456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              28835264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        520.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        453.35                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     520.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     453.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    63602230000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65740.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33035456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     28834112                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 754689.475311261369                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 519406478.235588788986                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 453350017.840544700623                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516179                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       450551                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19377500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14895103750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1352443828750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25836.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28856.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3001755.25                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             345154740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             183450300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1842983940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1174990680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5020379520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15002026080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11790005280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         35358990540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         555.938709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30136735750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2123680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31341902250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             346568460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             184205505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1847889120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1176791580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5020379520.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15031672920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11765039520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         35372546625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.151847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30070225500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2123680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31408412500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3628589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3628589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3628589                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3628589                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516325                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516325                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40842500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40842500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40842500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40842500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4144914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4144914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4144914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4144914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79102.309592                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79102.309592                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79102.309592                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79102.309592                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          515896                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                515896                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39809852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39809852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39809852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39809852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77102.313465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77102.313465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77102.313465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77102.313465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     516068                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3617788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3617788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       516048                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           516048                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40827239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40827239000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4133836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4133836                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124835                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124835                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79115.196648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79115.196648                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       516048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39795145000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39795145000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124835                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124835                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77115.200524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77115.200524                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.532762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4142870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                516068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.027760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.532762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4661238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4661238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            517087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           517087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37743406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  37797845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37743406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  37797845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73118.078722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73097.650879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73118.078722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73097.650879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       517087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       517087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36711012000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36763673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36711012000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36763673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71118.082596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71097.654747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71118.082596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71097.654747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516811                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           517087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37743406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37797845000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73118.078722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73097.650879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36711012000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36763673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71118.082596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71097.654747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515896                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515896                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515896                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515896                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.379144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1032411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               516811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.164748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.003575                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.210821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550503                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517283                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        515896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66062080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66123456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3096764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2581620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  63602318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                76486448000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94785                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   115195                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    63.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1208286179                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7292006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.076486                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 76486448000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            259792                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7292006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11078                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4976869                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         19394                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9267252                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         76486437                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   76486437                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1302334                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1518111                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       257080                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4714722                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4714722                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4716386                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7298961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7298961                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17836502                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2062880                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4987898                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4976868                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2310694     31.65%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10660      0.15%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  264565      3.62%     35.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4712303     64.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7301699                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       620346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        621096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620346                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       621096                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38627028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  38671410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38627028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  38671410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       621253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       621253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62266.909112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62263.176707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62266.909112                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62263.176707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       554718                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           554718                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       621096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       621096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37386336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37429218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37386336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37429218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60266.909112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60263.176707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60266.909112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60263.176707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                555560                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       621096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38627028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38671410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       621253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62266.909112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62263.176707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37386336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37429218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60266.909112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60263.176707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619774                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619774                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619774                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619774                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        62138.501405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1110467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           555560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    62.324999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 62076.176406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.947207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1862123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1862123                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9266293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9266293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9266293                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9266293                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9267252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9267252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9266293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9266293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9267252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.832485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.109551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.832485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9268211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9268211                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       554718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1796910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1796910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1796910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     75252096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     75252096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                75252096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3394686000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3269350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        39702144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            39750144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     35501952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         35501952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           620346                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               621096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        554718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              554718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             627562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          519074229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              519701791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        627562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            627562                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       464160030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             464160030                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       464160030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            627562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         519074229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             983861821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    554718.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    620346.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118516500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32573                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32573                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1787565                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              522582                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       621096                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      554718                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     621096                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    554718                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              38909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              38869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              38874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              38858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              38988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              38839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              38706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              38719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              38724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             38757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             38807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             38788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             38806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             38907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             38820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              34690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              34706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              34728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              34698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              34751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              34660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              34578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              34560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              34560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              34627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             34625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             34688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             34688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             34690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             34750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             34688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6365822000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3105480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18011372000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10249.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28999.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    557178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   500549                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 621096                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                554718                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   621096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   13256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   20155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       118055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.408123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    421.958230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.441217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15016     12.72%     12.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23795     20.16%     32.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4528      3.84%     36.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3729      3.16%     39.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4065      3.44%     43.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3638      3.08%     46.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3919      3.32%     49.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4140      3.51%     53.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        55225     46.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        118055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.067387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.019931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     360.834207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         32572    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.029042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.005755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12419     38.13%     38.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              6789     20.84%     58.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             13365     41.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                39750144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 35499968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 39750144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              35501952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        519.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        464.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     519.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     464.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    76486342000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       65049.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     39702144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     35499968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 627562.153232687735                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 519074228.679046511650                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 464134090.786906480789                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       620346                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       554718                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19377500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  17991994500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1664161827750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25836.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29003.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3000014.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             421052940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             223794945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2215784760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1447589520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6037608720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18052862160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14168386080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         42567079125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.530997                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36207745500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2553980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  37724722500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             421866900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             224223780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2218840680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1447876620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6037608720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18068101680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14155552800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         42574071180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.622412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  36174232250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2553980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  37758235750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4357762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4357762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4357762                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4357762                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         620492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             620492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        620492                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            620492                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49175164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49175164000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49175164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49175164000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4978254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4978254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4978254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4978254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79251.890435                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79251.890435                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79251.890435                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79251.890435                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          620063                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                620063                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        620492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       620492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47934182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47934182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47934182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47934182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77251.893659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77251.893659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77251.893659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77251.893659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     620235                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4346961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4346961                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       620215                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           620215                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49159903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49159903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4967176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4967176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79262.679877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79262.679877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       620215                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  47919475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47919475000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77262.683102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77262.683102                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.611469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4976206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                620235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.023098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.611469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5598745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5598745                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        620365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            621254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620365                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           621254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45451068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45505507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45451068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45505507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          621451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         621451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73265.042354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73247.829390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73265.042354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73247.829390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         619774                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               619774                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       621254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       621254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44210340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44263001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44210340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44263001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71265.045578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71247.832610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71265.045578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71247.832610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    620978                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           621254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45451068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45505507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         621451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73265.042354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73247.829390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44210340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44263001000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71265.045578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71247.832610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       620063                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       620063                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       620063                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       620063                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.483727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1240745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               620978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.136996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.834523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.512208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1863004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1863004                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               621451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              621450                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        620063                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1861046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1862964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     79395456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 79456832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3721766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3102455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  76486448000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                89370526000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104347                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   126712                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    67.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1332218322                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8500321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.089371                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89370526000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            301458                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8500321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11078                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5811818                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22650                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10813779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         89370526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   89370526                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1510664                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1768107                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       298746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5506376                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5506376                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5508041                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1735                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8508904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8508904                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20801303                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2396208                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       11030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5822847                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5811817                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2685688     31.55%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10660      0.13%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  307860      3.62%     35.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5503957     64.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8511642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    90                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       724512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        725262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724512                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       725262                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45188931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  45233313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45188931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  45233313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       725419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       725419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62371.542500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62368.237961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62371.542500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62368.237961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       658884                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           658884                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       725262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       725262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43739907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43782789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43739907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43782789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60371.542500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60368.237961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60371.542500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60368.237961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                659726                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       725262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45188931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45233313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       725419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        59176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62371.542500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62368.237961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43739907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43782789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        57176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60371.542500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60368.237961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       723940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       723940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       723940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       723940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        62628.300882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1449359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           725262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    53.339932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 62574.960950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.954818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.955632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        57453                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2174621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2174621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10812820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10812820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10812820                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10812820                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10813779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10813779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10812820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10812820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10813779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.725756                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61456.725756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.856635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10813779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11276.099062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.856635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10814738                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10814738                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              725262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             725262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       658884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2109408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2109408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2109408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     88585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     88585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                88585344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4019682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3817604250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           48000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46368768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46416768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          48000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     42168576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         42168576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           724512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               725262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        658884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              658884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             537090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          518837363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              519374452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        537090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            537090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       471839855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             471839855                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       471839855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            537090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         518837363                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             991214307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    658884.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    724512.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000118516500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         38689                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         38690                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2097930                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              620718                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       725262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      658884                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     725262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    658884                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              45346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              41218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              41234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              41256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              41155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              41151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              41105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              41106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              41088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              41088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              41155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             41153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             41216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             41216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             41218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             41278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             41216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7509710250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3626310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21108372750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10354.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29104.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    650329                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   594536                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 725262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                658884                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   725262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   15747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   23952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   38820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   38690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       139249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     636.149861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    420.552425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.655563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17818     12.80%     12.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28120     20.19%     32.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5358      3.85%     36.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4393      3.15%     39.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4811      3.45%     43.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4288      3.08%     46.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4640      3.33%     49.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4887      3.51%     53.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        64934     46.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        139249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        38690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.745464                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.018036                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     331.083474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         38689    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          38690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        38689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.029414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.006136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14738     38.09%     38.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              8075     20.87%     58.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             15876     41.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          38689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46416768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 42166592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46416768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              42168576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        519.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        471.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     519.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     471.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    89370505000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       64567.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        48000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46368768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     42166592                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 537089.823103424511                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 518837362.555077672005                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 471817654.961547374725                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       724512                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       658884                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     19377500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21088995250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1975907653750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25836.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29107.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2998870.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             496801200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             264056100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2588664120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1720198800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7054223280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21104886690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       16545745920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         49774576110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.946214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  42276957750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2984020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44109548250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             497436660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             264393855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2589706560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1719003420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7054223280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21102732090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       16547560320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         49775056185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.951586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  42281357000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2984020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44105149000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5086918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5086918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5086918                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5086918                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         724657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             724657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        724657                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            724657                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57507889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57507889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57507889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57507889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5811575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5811575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5811575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5811575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79358.771115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79358.771115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79358.771115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79358.771115                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          724229                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                724229                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        724657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56058575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56058575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56058575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56058575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77358.771115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77358.771115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77358.771115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77358.771115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     724401                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55093.862816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53093.862816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5076117                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5076117                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       724380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           724380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57492628000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57492628000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5800497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5800497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124882                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79368.049919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79368.049919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       724380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56043868000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56043868000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124882                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77368.049919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77368.049919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.667481                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5811575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                724657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.019760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.667481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6536232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6536232                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        724530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            725419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           725419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53158797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  53213236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53158797000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  53213236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          725616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         725616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73370.042648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73355.172666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73370.042648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73355.172666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         723940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               723940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       725419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51709737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51762398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51709737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51762398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71370.042648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71355.172666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71370.042648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71355.172666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    725144                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           725419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53158797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53213236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         725616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.220472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73370.042648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73355.172666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     52661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51709737000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51762398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59236.220472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71370.042648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71355.172666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       724229                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       724229                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       724229                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       724229                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.558156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1449845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               725656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.117246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.714214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.726695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2175501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2175501                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               725616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              725616                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        724229                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2173543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2175461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92728704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92790080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4346761000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3623285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  89370526000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
