
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4058897000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 150600                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34263780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   310343                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     6.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              611167387                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000122                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2061042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004059                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4058897000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239939                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000122                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2061042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201657                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139216                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319631                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4058886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4058886                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493807                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              635118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       177068                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81067                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81067                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               68757                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43144                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990736                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3844886                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1604197                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201383                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139125                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14306      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1644441     79.79%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2023      0.10%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20424      0.99%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      436      0.02%     81.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14344      0.70%     82.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24478      1.19%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190095      9.22%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137132      6.65%     99.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11288      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2061067                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   127                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9163                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1506                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10669                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3262                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5720                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201348000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    351181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201348000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    351181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        16389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        16389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.262535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.349015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.262535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.349015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61725.321888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60957.282343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61395.279720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61725.321888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60957.282343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61395.279720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          406                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              406                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144917000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    339741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144917000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    339741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.262535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.262535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59725.321888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58957.282343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59395.279720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59725.321888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58957.282343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59395.279720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3084                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201348000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    351181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        16389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.262535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.349015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61725.321888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60957.282343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61395.279720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    339741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.262535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59725.321888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58957.282343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59395.279720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2939                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2939                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2939                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2939                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2315.000251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.380999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.865935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   983.403765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1262.730551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.016813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.240089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.308284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.565186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2630                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.701660                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303604                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303604                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16027                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16027                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    485280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    485280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30278.904349                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30278.904349                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30278.904349                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30278.904349                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28279.029138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28279.029138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28279.029138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28279.029138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15770                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    485280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30278.904349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30278.904349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28279.029138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28279.029138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.541567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1117739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 70.877552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.541567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1335657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1335657                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       392064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       392064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  392064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           30605500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          208768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          157312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              366080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       208768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         208768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        25984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            25984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2458                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           51434663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           38757327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90191991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      51434663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          51434663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6401739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6401739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6401739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          51434663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          38757327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              96593730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       325.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3262.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002562832750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            17                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            17                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12732                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 283                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5720                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         406                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5720                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       406                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      76                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     81                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      55350500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                161175500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9806.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28556.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      240                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5720                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   406                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.310078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.261830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    174.315377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           784     37.98%     37.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          791     38.32%     76.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          253     12.26%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          112      5.43%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      1.84%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      1.60%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      1.07%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.44%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           22      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      309.764706                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     130.142616                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     564.354225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     70.59%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      5.88%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      5.88%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.88%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      5.88%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.647059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.629727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.785905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     17.65%     17.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                14     82.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  361216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    19200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   366080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 25984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         88.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4056979000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      662255.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       208768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       152448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        19200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 51434663.160952351987                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37558972.302081085742                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4730349.156433385797                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3262                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2458                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          406                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     92543250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     68632250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  67688446000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28370.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27921.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 166720310.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9596160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5100480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24468780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              840420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      320227440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1447196370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         339924960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2147354610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.048806                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    869194250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    135460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3054242750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5140800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2732400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             15829380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              725580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      320227440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         739447320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         935924160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2020027080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.678823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2425994000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    135460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1497443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           333739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               333739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          333739                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              333739                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7109                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7109                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    267465000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    267465000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       340848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           340848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       340848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          340848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37623.435082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37623.435082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37623.435082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37623.435082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3950                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3950                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    253247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    253247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35623.435082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35623.435082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35623.435082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35623.435082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6853                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4337                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26740.834678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26740.834678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24740.834678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24740.834678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136419                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151490000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    151490000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54650.072150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54650.072150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145946000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145946000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52650.072150                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52650.072150                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.743847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  291548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.543120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.743847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.979468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                347957                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               347957                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3145                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16390                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    552798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    552798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.708420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.708420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28677.691936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49558.274470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33727.760830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28677.691936                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49558.274470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33727.760830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    520020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    520020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26677.852889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47558.274470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31727.882855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26677.852889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47558.274470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31727.882855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18521                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            16390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    552798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.708420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28677.691936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49558.274470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33727.760830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.557603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26677.852889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47558.274470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31727.882855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3950                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3950                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3950                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3950                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.962857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.363155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   112.786071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   190.986644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.190143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.220285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.373021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                46119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               46119                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23136                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3950                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        32053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   50221                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       707776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1025664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1733440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            80130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             42886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4058897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7949536000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133761                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   275729                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              531658706                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007950                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7949536000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489856                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394410                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255593                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            96                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631511                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7949525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7949525                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011465                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279156                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359654                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163696                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163696                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275735                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140528                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88333                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3980939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3980939                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7661013                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3219802                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393748                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649158                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255410                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27712      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319743     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42328      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29116      0.71%     83.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49063      1.19%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370096      8.98%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253417      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23652      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4122819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   129                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           19755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2814                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          19755                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5425                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10698                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    658919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    658919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.351295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.351295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62472.975536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60737.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61592.727613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62472.975536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60737.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61592.727613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1947                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1947                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    318874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    637523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    318874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    637523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60472.975536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58737.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59592.727613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60472.975536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58737.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59592.727613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7610                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          19755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    658919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.351295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62472.975536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60737.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61592.727613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    318874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    637523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.237373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.658454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60472.975536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58737.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59592.727613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2692.222260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              22708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.983968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.491434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   931.248316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1675.482509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.020872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.227356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.409053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.657281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.881592                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47234                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602396                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602396                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    845185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    845185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    845185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    845185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29029.194573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29029.194573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29029.194573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29029.194573                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    786955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    786955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27029.194573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27029.194573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27029.194573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27029.194573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28859                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    845185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    845185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29029.194573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29029.194573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    786955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    786955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27029.194573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27029.194573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.723600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2324483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.546207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.723600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660626                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660626                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1947                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       809280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       809280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  809280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20433000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57211250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          337472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          347200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              684672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       337472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         337472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       124608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           124608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1947                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           42451786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           43675505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               86127291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      42451786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          42451786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15674877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15674877                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15674877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          42451786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          43675505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             101802168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5273.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5258.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003941504500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            98                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            98                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25029                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1644                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10698                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1947                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10698                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1947                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    194                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     106377500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    52655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                303833750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10101.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28851.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6888                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1454                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10698                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1947                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     199.810446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.799440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    203.662241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1507     38.39%     38.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1430     36.43%     74.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          439     11.18%     86.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          202      5.15%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      2.42%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           96      2.45%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           47      1.20%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.76%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           79      2.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      106.265306                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.769258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     274.783159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             88     89.80%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      3.06%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      1.02%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      2.04%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.02%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.02%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      1.02%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      1.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.724490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.710616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.685349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                13     13.27%     13.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.02%     14.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                84     85.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  673984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10688                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   111168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   684672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                124608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      86.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7948992000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      628627.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       337472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       336512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       111168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 42451785.865237921476                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 42331024.100022941828                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13984212.411894228309                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5425                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1947                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    153498250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    150335500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 180369657250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29110.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27711.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  92639782.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15650880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8314845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             40105380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2944080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      626932800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2369597730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1057171200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4120716915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         518.359426                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2723222000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    265200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4961114000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12380760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6580530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35085960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6123060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      626932800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1915829280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1439292000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4042224390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.485576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3721644750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    265200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3962691250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635349                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635349                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14612                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14612                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    570868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    570868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       649961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           649961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       649961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          649961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39068.436901                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39068.436901                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39068.436901                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39068.436901                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    541646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    541646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37068.573775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37068.573775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37068.573775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37068.573775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14355                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32572.359047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32572.359047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    300406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30572.562589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30572.562589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250812000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250812000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52405.348934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52405.348934                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241240000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    241240000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018728                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50405.348934                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50405.348934                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.316298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  645955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.998607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.316298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664572                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1033412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1033412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           43727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          43727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.696458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.696458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27354.641217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51669.417476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33933.539108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27354.641217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51669.417476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33933.539108                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    972506000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    972506000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25354.641217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49669.660194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31933.604781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25354.641217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49669.660194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31933.604781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     34239                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    607656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1033412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          43727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.696458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27354.641217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51669.417476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33933.539108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    972506000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25354.641217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49669.660194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31933.604781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.854041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                34239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.480037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   103.754708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   162.566497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   239.532836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.202646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.317513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.467838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          318                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                85953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               85953                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                43727                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               43726                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   94928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1413504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3276864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            73055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7949536000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11551019000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 153887                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   312850                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              592497513                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000058                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6099137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011551                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11551019000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774322                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6099137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556646                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908940                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11551008                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11551008                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349887                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1923172                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559931                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145443                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5938044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5938044                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279486                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828672                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555599                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873298                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317699                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30673      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5051250     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528987      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315706      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6099187                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           20111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3170                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          20111                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5317                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13313                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18630                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    790342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1122218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    790342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1122218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        38741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        38741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.807681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.480886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.807681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.480886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62417.904834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59366.183430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60237.144391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62417.904834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59366.183430                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60237.144391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3270                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3270                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    763716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1084958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    763716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1084958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.807681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.807681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60417.904834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57366.183430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58237.144391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60417.904834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57366.183430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58237.144391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 15284                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          20111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    331876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    790342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1122218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        38741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.807681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.480886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62417.904834                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59366.183430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60237.144391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    763716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1084958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.807681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60417.904834                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57366.183430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58237.144391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3108.889195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              40387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.642437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.045617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   696.518179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2337.325400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.170048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.570636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.759006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1860                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            64247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           64247                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3879779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3879779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3879779                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3879779                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    848419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    848419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29094.304036                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29094.304036                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29094.304036                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29094.304036                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    790097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    790097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27094.304036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27094.304036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27094.304036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27094.304036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28905                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3879779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3879779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    848419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29094.304036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29094.304036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27094.304036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27094.304036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.433357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2329081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.577097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.433357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3938101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3938101                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        40530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1401600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1401600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1401600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            34980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           99086250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          340288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          852032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1192320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       340288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         340288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       209280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           209280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29459565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           73762497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              103222062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29459565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29459565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18117882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18117882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18117882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29459565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          73762497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             121339944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3062.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5317.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13133.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003941504500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           170                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           170                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43115                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2868                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3270                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18630                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3270                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     180                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     157354250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    92250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                503291750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8528.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27278.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2586                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18630                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3270                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     273.173524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    173.889645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.997676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1642     32.64%     32.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1663     33.06%     65.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          588     11.69%     77.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          257      5.11%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          131      2.60%     85.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          155      3.08%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          138      2.74%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          138      2.74%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          319      6.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      102.694118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      42.525894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     257.613146                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            150     88.24%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      4.12%     92.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.76%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      2.35%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.59%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.59%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.59%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.59%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.59%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.841176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.832606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.536875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                13      7.65%      7.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.59%      8.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               156     91.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1180800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   194112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1192320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                209280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        102.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     103.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11550587000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      527424.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       340288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       840512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       194112                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29459565.428816281259                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 72765182.015543401241                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16804751.165243517607                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5317                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13313                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3270                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    154488250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    348803500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 257959762750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29055.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26200.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  78886777.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20313300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10792980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             68879580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7574220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      911511120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3371339670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1596568800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5986979670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         518.307490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4115009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    385580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7050429750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15622320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8299665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             62853420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8258040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      911511120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2779032720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2095353600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5880930885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.126587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5418580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    385580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5746859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           850900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               850900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          850900                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              850900                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23578                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23578                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1183401000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1183401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1183401000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50190.898295                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50190.898295                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50190.898295                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50190.898295                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1136247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1136247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48190.983120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48190.983120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48190.983120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48190.983120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23321                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    895491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    895491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49343.784439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49343.784439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    859197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47343.894644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47343.894644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    287910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53022.099448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53022.099448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277050000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277050000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51022.099448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51022.099448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.153048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  870656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23321                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.333562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.153048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                898055                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               898055                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             38742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            38742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    610596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1588591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    610596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1588591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.734599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.734599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27432.653428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59329.956321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41004.362191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27432.653428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59329.956321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41004.362191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945029000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1511109000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1511109000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25432.653428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57330.077651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39004.413814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25432.653428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57330.077651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39004.413814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42949                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            38742                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    610596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1588591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.734599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27432.653428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59329.956321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41004.362191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1511109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25432.653428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57330.077651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39004.413814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.770285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  60440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.407250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.528836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.232796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   320.008652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.147517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.219205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.625017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               104494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              104494                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52739                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52738                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  113771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2039744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3906048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             94209000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           117885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11551019000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15102627000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 163154                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   325972                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              615993968                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7992007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015103                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15102627000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035205                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7992007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736335                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           366                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408770                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5166630                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15102616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15102616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520449                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508260                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       728054                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204752                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7830930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7830930                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14931289                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6369787                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735288                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1143875                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408587                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6673559     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.40%     85.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708676      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406594      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7992074                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           21921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4980                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          21921                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        19247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         24571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19247                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        24571                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1148129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1480411000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1148129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1480411000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        46492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        46492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.794444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.528500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.794444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.528500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59652.361407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60250.335762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59652.361407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60250.335762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4297                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4297                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        24571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        24571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1109635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1109635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.794444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.794444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57652.361407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58250.335762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57652.361407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58250.335762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 21431                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          21921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        24571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1148129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1480411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        46492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.794444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.528500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59652.361407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60250.335762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1109635000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.794444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57652.361407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58250.335762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3340.648062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              47944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            21431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.237133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    94.236636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   535.143581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2711.267844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.023007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.130650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.661931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.815588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            79672                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           79672                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137462                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137462                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5166630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5166630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5166630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5166630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5166630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5166630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.801777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2329212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.562120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.801777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5195798                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5195798                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               24571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              24571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        53439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        53439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  53439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1847552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1847552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1847552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            46056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          130626000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          340736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1231808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1572544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       340736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         340736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       275008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           275008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            19247                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                24571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22561373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81562499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              104123872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22561373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22561373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18209282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18209282                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18209282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22561373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81562499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             122333154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4048.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5324.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19064.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003941504500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           225                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           225                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                56924                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3805                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        24571                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4297                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      24571                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4297                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     183                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    249                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     206352000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   121940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                663627000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8461.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27211.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     18569                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3456                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  24571                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4297                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     284.780946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    181.539996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    294.048087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1952     30.59%     30.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2096     32.84%     63.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          813     12.74%     76.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          324      5.08%     81.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          183      2.87%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          202      3.17%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          178      2.79%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          180      2.82%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          454      7.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      108.213333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.745260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     309.868620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            201     89.33%     89.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      3.56%     92.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.33%     94.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      1.78%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.44%     96.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.44%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.44%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.89%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.44%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.44%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.89%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.875556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.868320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.493329                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14      6.22%      6.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.44%      6.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               209     92.89%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1560832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   257408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1572544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                275008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     104.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15102007000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      523140.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       340736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1220096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       257408                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22561372.932007126510                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 80787004.803866237402                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17043922.226245805621                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        19247                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4297                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    154660750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    508966250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 348086013000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29049.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26443.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  81006751.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24268860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12891615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             83123880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11525760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1191786960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4349870070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2136360480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7809827625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         517.117163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5508120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    504140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9090367000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21320040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11328075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             91006440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9469080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1191786960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3876840180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2534701440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7736452215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.258709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6549026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    504140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8049460250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1112407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1112407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1112407                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1112407                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1696092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1696092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1696092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1696092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51977.935092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51977.935092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51977.935092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51977.935092                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1630832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1630832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1630832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1630832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49977.996384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49977.996384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49977.996384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49977.996384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      32374                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          710655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              710655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1310345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51025.895639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51025.895639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1258987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1258987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49025.973520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49025.973520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401752                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6951                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385747000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    385747000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017007                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017007                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55495.180550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55495.180550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017007                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017007                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53495.180550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53495.180550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.587386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1133866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.023970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.587386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177668                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             46493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            46493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2035665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2035665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.752326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.752326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58799.157999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43784.333125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58799.157999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43784.333125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1376132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1376132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56799.240548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41784.376143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56799.240548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41784.376143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51604                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            46493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2035665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.752326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58799.157999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43784.333125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1376132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56799.240548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41784.376143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.764965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  71334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.382335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.124141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    85.862276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   351.778548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.167700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.687067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               124082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              124082                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61799                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  133764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2739008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4605760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            112634000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           163150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15102627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18500293000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 165200                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   327145                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              611082987                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5001310                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9904160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018500                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18500293000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1269086                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5001310                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9904160                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920987                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           417                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511360                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6442788                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18500282                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18500282                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6525779                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3082728                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       855257                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9743091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9743091                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18751556                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7945477                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919940                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1431117                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511177                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8298478     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893328      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509184      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9904235                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6455                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23396                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22214                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27538                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1333751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1666033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1333751000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1666033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.540660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.540660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60041.010174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60499.418985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60041.010174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60499.418985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4985                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4985                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1610957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1610957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58041.010174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58499.418985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58041.010174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58499.418985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 24691                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1333751000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1666033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.540660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60041.010174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60499.418985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1610957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58041.010174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58499.418985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3479.372005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              52605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            24691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.130533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.023442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   437.596559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2936.752004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.025640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.106835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.716980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.849456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3666                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            88180                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           88180                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6413620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6413620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6413620                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6413620                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6442788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6442788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6442788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6442788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6413620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6413620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6442788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6442788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.021836                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2329212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.562120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.021836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6471956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6471956                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        60061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        60061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2081472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2081472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2081472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            52463000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          146483250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          340736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1421696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1762432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       340736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         340736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       319040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           319040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            22214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4985                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4985                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           18417870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           76847215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               95265086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      18417870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          18417870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17245132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17245132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17245132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          18417870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          76847215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             112510218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4710.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5324.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22027.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003941504500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           262                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           262                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                64410                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4434                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27538                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4985                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27538                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4985                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     187                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    275                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     237524500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   136755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                750355750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8684.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27434.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     20524                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4043                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27538                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4985                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     274.423983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.954553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.143693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2313     30.96%     30.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2552     34.15%     65.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          896     11.99%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          383      5.13%     82.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          211      2.82%     85.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          254      3.40%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          195      2.61%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          183      2.45%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          485      6.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      103.751908                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.453865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     292.153144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            233     88.93%     88.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      3.82%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.15%     93.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.91%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.76%     96.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.38%     96.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.38%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.38%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.76%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.38%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.38%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            262                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.893130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.886857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.459083                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14      5.34%      5.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.38%      5.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               246     93.89%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1750464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   300032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1762432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                319040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         94.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      95.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18493700000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      568634.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       340736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1409728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       300032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 18417870.462916452438                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76200306.665413349867                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16217689.092815987766                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        22214                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4985                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    154660750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    595695000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 421001714500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29049.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26816.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  84453704.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              28524300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15161025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             94590720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11979900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1460384640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5246980530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2685639840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9543260955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         515.843774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6926701250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    617649250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10955942500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24825780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13195215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            100695420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12491460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1460384640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4542546600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3278842080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9432981195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.882800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8476716750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    617663000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9405913250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1393993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1393993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1393993                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1393993                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38279                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38279                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1978270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1978270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1978270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1978270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51680.294679                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51680.294679                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51680.294679                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51680.294679                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1901714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1901714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1901714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1901714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49680.346927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49680.346927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49680.346927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49680.346927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38022                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1545832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1545832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50643.166033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50643.166033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1484786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48643.231555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48643.231555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7755                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432438000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    432438000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511285                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55762.475822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55762.475822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416928000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416928000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015168                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015168                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53762.475822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53762.475822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.846819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1416161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.245831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.846819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470550                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28670                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1662020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2273099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1662020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2273099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.755186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.755186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57970.701081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44627.446746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57970.701081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44627.446746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1604682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2171231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1604682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2171231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55970.770841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42627.486012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55970.770841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42627.486012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     56506                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1662020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2273099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.755186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57970.701081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44627.446746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1604682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2171231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55970.770841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42627.486012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.359095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                56506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.381641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.046524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    70.093264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   373.219307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.128997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.136901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.728944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               135732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              135732                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  146160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3170880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5037632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123782000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           191390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18500293000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21922537000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 166233                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   327245                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              607354506                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000159                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11811916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021923                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21922537000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502498                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11811916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           473                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613727                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7715990                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21922526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21922526                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7528674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655864                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       982171                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335888                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11650855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11650855                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22562775                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9517462                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104149                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717693                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9919666     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077537      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611551      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.23%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7532                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24473                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        25668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         30992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25668                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        30992                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1543090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1875372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1543090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1875372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.558767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.558767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60117.266635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60511.486835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60117.266635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60511.486835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5091                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5091                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        30992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        30992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1491754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1491754000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58117.266635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58511.486835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58117.266635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58511.486835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 28211                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        30992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1543090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1875372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.558767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62412.096168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60117.266635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60511.486835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1491754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.773133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60412.096168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58117.266635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58511.486835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9315                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9315                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9315                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9315                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3575.631460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              58110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            28211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.059835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   136.489661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   369.872170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3069.269629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.033323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.090301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.749333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2598                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          554                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97087                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97087                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7686822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7686822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7686822                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7686822                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7715990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7715990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7686822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7686822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    848944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    848944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7715990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29105.320900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29105.320900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    790608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    790608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27105.320900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27105.320900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.174533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2329212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.562120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.174533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7745158                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7745158                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               30992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        67075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        67075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  67075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2309312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2309312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2309312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            56447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          164858750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          340736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1642752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1983488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       340736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         340736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       325824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           325824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                30992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15542727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74934393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90477120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15542727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15542727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14862513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14862513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14862513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15542727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74934393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             105339633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4778.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5324.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     25471.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006910758500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           266                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           266                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                72284                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4502                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        30992                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5091                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      30992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5091                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     197                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    313                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     267301000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   153975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                844707250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8680.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27430.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23070                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  30992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5091                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    30795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     271.528345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    175.699028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    280.752920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2501     29.85%     29.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3012     35.95%     65.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          931     11.11%     76.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          432      5.16%     82.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          268      3.20%     85.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          320      3.82%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          232      2.77%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          196      2.34%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          487      5.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      115.530075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.001352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     324.745568                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            233     87.59%     87.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      4.51%     92.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.13%     93.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      1.88%     95.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.75%     95.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.75%     96.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.38%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.38%     97.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.75%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.38%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.38%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.75%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.894737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.888553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.455791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14      5.26%      5.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.38%      5.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               250     93.98%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1970880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   304640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1983488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                325824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         89.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21921675000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      607534.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       340736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1630144                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       304640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15542726.647011704743                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74359276.939525753260                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13896201.885758021846                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5324                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25668                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5091                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    154660750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    690046500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 516715315250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29049.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26883.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 101495838.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              31651620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16815645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            105464940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12047760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1730211600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6017337810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3351022560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11264551935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.834322                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8649070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    731900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12541567000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28195860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14982660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            114411360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12799440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1730211600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5339359290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3921951840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11161912050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.152387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10140901250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    731900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11049735750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1674242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1674242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1674242                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1674242                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44598                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44598                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2293612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2293612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2293612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2293612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51428.584241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51428.584241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51428.584241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51428.584241                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2204418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2204418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2204418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2204418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49428.629087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49428.629087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49428.629087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49428.629087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44341                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1069128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1069128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1815064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1815064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50323.389154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50323.389154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1742930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1742930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48323.444605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48323.444605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    478548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56101.758499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56101.758499                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461488000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461488000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54101.758499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54101.758499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.026838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1711092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.589387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.026838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1763437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1763437                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55466                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1923354000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2534433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1923354000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2534433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           73766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          73766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.751918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.751918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57930.604500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45693.451844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57930.604500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45693.451844                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9315                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9315                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1856954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2423503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1856954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2423503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55930.664739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43693.487902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55930.664739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43693.487902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61623                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611079000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1923354000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2534433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          73766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.751918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27445.721985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57930.604500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45693.451844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    566549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1856954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2423503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25445.721985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55930.664739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43693.487902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.771356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  85652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.389936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.096169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    59.151271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.523916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.129094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.115530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.751023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148411                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                73766                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               73765                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  160041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3654848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5521600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            136316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           222985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21922537000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25628915000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 173640                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34279540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   340345                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              635739157                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13720491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025629                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25628915000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1731022                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13720491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303160                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           604                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731869                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964787                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25628915                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25628915                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8459638                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214796                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108694                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394392                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13559429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13559429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26353884                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079371                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302114                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033799                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731685                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30675      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11512134     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275502      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729692      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13720574                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   130                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27536                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10595                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27536                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        32473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         37804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32473                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        37804                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1952554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2285242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1952554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2285242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        65340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        65340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.578574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.578574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62406.302757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60128.537554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60449.740768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62406.302757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60128.537554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60449.740768                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6888                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6888                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        37804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        37804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    322026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1887608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2209634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    322026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1887608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2209634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.578574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.578574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60406.302757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58128.537554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58449.740768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60406.302757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58128.537554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58449.740768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 35167                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        37804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1952554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2285242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        65340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.578574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62406.302757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60128.537554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60449.740768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    322026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1887608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2209634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.578574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60406.302757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58128.537554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58449.740768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11937                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11937                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11937                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11937                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3650.885621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              77277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            39263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.968189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.630408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   317.112634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3198.142580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.033113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.077420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.780797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.891329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2073                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          580                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116540                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8935612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8935612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8935612                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8935612                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    849472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    849472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    849472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    849472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29116.435304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29116.435304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29116.435304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29116.435304                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    791122000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    791122000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27116.435304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27116.435304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27116.435304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27116.435304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28919                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8935612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8935612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    849472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    849472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29116.435304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29116.435304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    791122000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27116.435304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27116.435304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.293910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                307.276332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.293910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8993962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8993962                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               37804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              37804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        82496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        82496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  82496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2860288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2860288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2860288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            72244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          201036500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          341184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2078272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2419456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       341184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         341184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       440832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           440832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            32473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                37804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6888                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13312464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81090908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               94403372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13312464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13312464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17200572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17200572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17200572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13312464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81090908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             111603944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5331.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     32251.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006910758500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           366                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           366                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                88600                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6203                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        37804                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6888                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      37804                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    315                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     323251000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   187910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1027913500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8601.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27351.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     28263                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5690                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  37804                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    37582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     277.375233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    179.888337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    281.260935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3009     29.55%     29.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3464     34.02%     63.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1208     11.86%     75.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          612      6.01%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          390      3.83%     85.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          406      3.99%     89.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          264      2.59%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          212      2.08%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          618      6.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      102.683060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.121803                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     294.670093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            326     89.07%     89.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      4.10%     93.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.09%     94.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      1.64%     95.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.55%     96.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.55%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.55%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.27%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.55%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.55%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.27%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.55%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.918033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.913169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.403889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15      4.10%      4.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.27%      4.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               349     95.36%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            366                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2405248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   419712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2419456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                440832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         93.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      94.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25628420000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      573445.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       341184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2064064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       419712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13312463.676281264052                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 80536534.613345906138                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16376502.867952078581                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5331                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        32473                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6888                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    154833250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    873080250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 598729116500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29043.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26886.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  86923507.04                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              38413200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20405715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            129412500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            16573500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2022780240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7337566680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3662499840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13227651675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.122188                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9445816750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    855660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15327438250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              34321980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18238770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            138922980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17659260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2022780240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6668097690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4226263200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13126284120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.166985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10918135250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    855660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13855119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1979526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1979526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1979526                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1979526                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2891315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2891315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2891315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2891315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2034946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2034946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2034946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2034946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52170.967160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52170.967160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52170.967160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52170.967160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2780475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2780475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2780475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2780475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50170.967160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50170.967160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50170.967160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50170.967160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55164                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1256562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1256562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2404453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2404453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51599.918451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51599.918451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2311257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2311257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49599.918451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49599.918451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         722964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             722964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486862000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    486862000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55187.259125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55187.259125                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469218000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469218000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53187.259125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53187.259125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.167574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2034946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.718621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.167574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2090366                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2090366                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             65340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43068                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            65340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2447492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3059054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2447492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3059054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           84595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          84595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.772386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.772386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27458.782328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56828.550200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46817.477808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27458.782328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56828.550200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46817.477808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11937                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11937                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361356000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2928374000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361356000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2928374000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25458.782328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54828.550200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44817.477808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25458.782328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54828.550200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44817.477808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73527                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            65340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    611562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2447492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3059054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          84595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.772386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27458.782328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56828.550200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46817.477808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2361356000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2928374000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25458.782328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54828.550200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44817.477808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.093656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.351504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.084310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    50.631253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   391.378093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.132977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.098889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.764410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               174103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              174103                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                84595                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               84595                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       126309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  184659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4536896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1867200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6404096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            161940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           277100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25628915000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
