
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4084583000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 184528                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1369996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   371511                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     5.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              753633789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004085                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4084583000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240147                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177661                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293638                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4084572                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4084572                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729668                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89579                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89579                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142333                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64081                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937442                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536056                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567298                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312547                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614573     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14735      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11521      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013587                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286382                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286382                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    376063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    376063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51827.866593                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51827.866593                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51827.866593                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51827.866593                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49827.866593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49827.866593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49827.866593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49827.866593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       7000                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    376063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51827.866593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51827.866593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49827.866593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49827.866593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.825983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  7000                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.724000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.825983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.948539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.948539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300894                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300894                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10654                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        25964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       979840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       979840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  979840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            33934000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           57133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          275840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          406016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              681856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       275840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         275840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       297984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           297984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4656                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           67531986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           99402069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              166934054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      67531986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          67531986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        72953347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              72953347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        72953347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          67531986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          99402069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             239887401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4274.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4310.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6194.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001030734500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           253                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           253                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26494                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4003                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10654                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4656                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10654                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4656                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     150                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    382                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     118665750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    52520000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                315615750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11297.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30047.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6739                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3316                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10654                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4656                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     200.860910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.052013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    231.414868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2173     46.21%     46.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1356     28.84%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          493     10.48%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          204      4.34%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      2.64%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           90      1.91%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.87%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.72%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          187      3.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.498024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      31.474732                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      51.436170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             131     51.78%     51.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             89     35.18%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             14      5.53%     92.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            15      5.93%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.40%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.40%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.810277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.779504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               148     58.50%     58.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                20      7.91%     66.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                70     27.67%     94.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                15      5.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            253                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  672256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   272192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   681856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                297984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        164.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         66.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     166.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      72.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3730855000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      243687.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       275840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       396416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       272192                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 67531985.517248630524                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 97051767.585577279329                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 66638871.091614492238                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4656                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    131686000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    183929750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  80002752250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30553.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28992.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17182721.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17821440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9472320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             39648420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10481760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      322071360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1121681910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         623905920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2145083130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.165759                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1611505250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    136240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2336837750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15750840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8371770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35350140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11718900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      322071360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1181077050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         573888960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2148229020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.935945                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1480128000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    136240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2468215000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304600                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304600                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    497792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    512825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58785.073217                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58785.073217                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58608.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58608.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    480858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    495327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56785.309400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56785.309400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56608.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56608.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53589.871612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53589.871612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51589.871612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51589.871612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272393000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272393000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63912.013139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63912.013139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263871000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263871000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61912.482403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61912.482403                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15033000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15033000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53308.510638                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53308.510638                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14469000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14469000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51308.510638                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51308.510638                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.421519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.421519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322099                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    744241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305775000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    744241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70945.475638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69104.176517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69848.991084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70945.475638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69104.176517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69848.991084                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    722933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    722933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68945.475638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67104.491726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67849.178789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68945.475638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67104.491726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67849.178789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13546                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    305775000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    744241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70945.475638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69104.176517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69848.991084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    297155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    722933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68945.475638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67104.491726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67849.178789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.773220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   157.936215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.062747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.774258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.308469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16006                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16005                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4084583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8812172000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90325                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1392400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   177653                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              397957776                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000096                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008812                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8812172000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454645                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933853                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429909                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614559                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8812161                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8812161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309605                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112059                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112059                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70796                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847046                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113895                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428995                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729243                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099546     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18676      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11993      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3934000                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600301                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600301                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14258                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14258                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    767026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    767026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53796.184598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53796.184598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53796.184598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53796.184598                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    738512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    738512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51796.324870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51796.324870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51796.324870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51796.324870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      14001                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    767026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    767026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53796.184598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53796.184598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    738512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    738512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51796.324870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51796.324870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.893632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 14001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.164703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.893632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.976147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628816                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        61650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        61650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  61650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2342144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2342144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2342144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            82764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          135606750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          553600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1049856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1603456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       553600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         553600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       738688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           738688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           62822196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          119137030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              181959226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      62822196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          62822196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        83825872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              83825872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        83825872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          62822196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         119137030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             265785098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7626.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8650.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15763.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001998092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           450                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           450                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                62279                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7157                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25054                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11542                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25054                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11542                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     641                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     346002500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   122065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                803746250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14172.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32922.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12814                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5485                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25054                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11542                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     149.423610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.045407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.299559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7370     53.77%     53.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4193     30.59%     84.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1137      8.30%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          363      2.65%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          194      1.42%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          125      0.91%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           61      0.45%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           46      0.34%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          217      1.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       54.148889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.087314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      84.167627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             187     41.56%     41.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            177     39.33%     80.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             43      9.56%     90.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            26      5.78%     96.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            5      1.11%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.44%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.44%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.22%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.22%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.22%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.44%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.22%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.857836                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.034424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               247     54.89%     54.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                27      6.00%     60.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               155     34.44%     95.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                21      4.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1562432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    41024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   486400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1603456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                738688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        177.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         55.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     181.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      83.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8811628000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      240781.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       553600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1008832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       486400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 62822196.389267027378                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 114481651.061735972762                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 55196380.642592996359                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8650                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11542                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    280879250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    522867000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 209446948500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32471.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31874.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18146503.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43575420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23138115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             74363100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            19439280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      695157840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2728466880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1086217920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4670358555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.989491                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2796489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    294060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5721622500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              54342540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28876155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             99945720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20232720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      695157840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3107172600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         767307840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4773035415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.641200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1945439750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    294060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6572672250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705142                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705142                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1385940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1385940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1405490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1405490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56476.772616                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56476.772616                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56477.135739                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56477.135739                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1336860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1336860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1355718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1355718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54476.772616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54476.772616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54477.135739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54477.135739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    884286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    884286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61306.572379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61306.572379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    855438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59306.572379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59306.572379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501654000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501654000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49590.154211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49590.154211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47590.154211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47590.154211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.341317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719009                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.341317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754914                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754914                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25055                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1809983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1809983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72889.145763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71898.256523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72240.391139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72889.145763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71898.256523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72240.391139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1146611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1146611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70889.376951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69898.256523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70240.470964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70889.376951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69898.256523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70240.470964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33753                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25055                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1809983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72889.145763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71898.256523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72240.391139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1146611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70889.376951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69898.256523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70240.470964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.186755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   159.544332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   129.438449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   219.203974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.311610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.252809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.428133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39144                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39143                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8812172000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14668290000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85482                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1398784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   169711                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              417938223                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000141                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014668                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14668290000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650625                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702617                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917860                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14668279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14668279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867141                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214921                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214921                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322972                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134376                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803812                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803812                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408265                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700842                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701413                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202338                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553622     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36498      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24643      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956515                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881071                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881071                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36789                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36789                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2081109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2081109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2081109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2081109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56568.784147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56568.784147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56568.784147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56568.784147                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54568.784147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54568.784147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54568.784147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54568.784147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36533                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2081109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2081109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56568.784147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56568.784147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2007531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2007531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54568.784147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54568.784147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.331518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.282019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.331518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954649                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               50794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              50794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        19324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 120912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4487552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           147414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          276399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1481088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1769728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3250816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1481088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1481088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1236736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1236736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            27652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                50794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         19324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               19324                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          100972097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          120649919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              221622016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     100972097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         100972097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        84313577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              84313577                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        84313577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         100972097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         120649919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             305935593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23142.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     26154.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001998092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           823                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           823                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               121085                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13206                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        50794                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       19324                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      50794                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     19324                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1498                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     781958500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   246480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1706258500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15862.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34612.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  44.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  50794                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 19324                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    49266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        31708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     127.763845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     98.677228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    132.367446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         19304     60.88%     60.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8820     27.82%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2092      6.60%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          601      1.90%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          325      1.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          191      0.60%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           94      0.30%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           60      0.19%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          221      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         31708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       59.857837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.883194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      64.227341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             200     24.30%     24.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            333     40.46%     64.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            209     25.39%     90.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            60      7.29%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            8      0.97%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            3      0.36%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.24%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.12%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.12%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.12%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.24%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.12%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.032807                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.999680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.067157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               406     49.33%     49.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                33      4.01%     53.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               335     40.70%     94.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                49      5.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3154944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    95872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   897152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3250816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1236736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        215.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         61.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     221.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      84.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14667370000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      209181.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1481088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1673856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       897152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 100972096.951996445656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 114113915.118940234184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 61162684.948279589415                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        19324                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    800380750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    905877750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 350332171000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34585.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32759.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18129381.65                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     49.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             109677540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              58276020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            169253700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            39092580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1157367120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5293785510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1174698720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8002151190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         545.540836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3004247500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    489580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11174462500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             116788980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              62055840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            182719740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            34081380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1157367120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5596048530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         920161440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8069223030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         550.113410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2318817500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    489580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11859892500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159225                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159225                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2403055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2403055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2422605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2422605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54880.558157                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54880.558157                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54893.277140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54893.277140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2315483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2315483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2334341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2334341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52880.603832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52880.603832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52893.322457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52893.322457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1507947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1507947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54604.106315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54604.106315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1452715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452715000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52604.106315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52604.106315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    895108000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    895108000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55352.668357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55352.668357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    862768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    862768000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53352.792035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53352.792035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.003524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189669                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.003524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247490                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247490                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50795                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50795                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1736767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2008910000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3745677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1736767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2008910000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3745677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75048.267220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72647.090732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.057191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75048.267220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72647.090732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.057191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50795                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1690483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1953606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1690483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1953606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73048.267220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70647.163056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.096565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73048.267220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70647.163056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.096565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64661                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1736767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2008910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3745677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75048.267220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72647.090732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.057191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1690483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1953606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3644089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73048.267220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70647.163056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71741.096565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.709142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   149.982907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.273749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.452486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.292935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.493071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169386                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80922                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80921                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14668290000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20370776000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90568                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1402332                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   180852                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              461233117                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020371                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20370776000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848988                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208356                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20370765                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20370765                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704997                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468391                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325464                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325464                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498906                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750954                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304824                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041957     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54023      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920776     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41385      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987754                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149181                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149181                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3377372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3377372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3377372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3377372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57074.305027                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57074.305027                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57074.305027                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57074.305027                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3259022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3259022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3259022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3259022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55074.305027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55074.305027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55074.305027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55074.305027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58919                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3377372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3377372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57074.305027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57074.305027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3259022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3259022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55074.305027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55074.305027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.358453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.233083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.358453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267531                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               76769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              76769                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        25866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       179404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       179404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 179404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6568640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6568640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6568640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           206099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          417917250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2426880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2486336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4913216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2426880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2426880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1655424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1655424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            37920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            38849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                76769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         25866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               25866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          119135373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          122054064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              241189437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     119135373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         119135373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        81264651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              81264651                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        81264651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         119135373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         122054064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             322454088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     19300.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     37920.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     36264.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001998092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1130                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1130                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               178671                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               18164                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        76769                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       25866                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      76769                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     25866                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2585                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   6566                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               5362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              8324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1189374250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   370920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2580324250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      16032.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34782.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     31671                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    13104                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  42.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  76769                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 25866                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    74148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        48674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     122.869376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     96.550902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    120.844585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         30446     62.55%     62.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12969     26.64%     89.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3176      6.53%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          963      1.98%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          503      1.03%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          220      0.45%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          107      0.22%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           64      0.13%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          226      0.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         48674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       65.620354                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      54.104452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      57.893783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             209     18.50%     18.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            421     37.26%     55.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            329     29.12%     84.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           122     10.80%     95.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           31      2.74%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            8      0.71%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.18%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.09%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.09%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.09%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.18%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.09%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.052212                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.019727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.055552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               544     48.14%     48.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                40      3.54%     51.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               489     43.27%     94.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                57      5.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4747776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   165440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1233216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4913216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1655424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        233.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         60.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     241.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      81.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20370627000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      198476.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2426880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2320896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1233216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 119135373.144351497293                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 113932625.836148798466                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 60538489.059032410383                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        38849                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        25866                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1295721500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1284602750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 488156694250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34169.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33066.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18872523.55                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     47.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             172045440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              91436730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            265865040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            52330500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1607898240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7776731730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1273551360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11239859040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.763911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3238337500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    680160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16452278500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             175515480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              93281100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            263808720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            48253680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1607898240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8039042880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1052657760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11280457860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.756904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2640463750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    680160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17050152250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570475                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570475                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62419                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62419                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3397545000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3397545000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3417095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3417095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54734.667247                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54734.667247                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54744.468832                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54744.468832                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31208                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31208                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3273401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3273401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3292259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3292259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52734.699467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52734.699467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52744.500873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52744.500873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62162                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2222657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2222657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53488.400635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53488.400635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2139551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2139551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51488.448765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51488.448765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1174888000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1174888000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57258.540865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57258.540865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1133850000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1133850000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55258.540865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55258.540865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19550000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18858000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54502.890173                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.282472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.282472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695312                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695312                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2829833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2829742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5659575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2829833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2829742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5659575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74626.397679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72837.631918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73721.180148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74626.397679                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72837.631918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73721.180148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2753993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2752044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5506037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2753993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2752044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5506037000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72626.397679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70837.683398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71721.206200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72626.397679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70837.683398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71721.206200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2829833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2829742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5659575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74626.397679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72837.631918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73721.180148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2753993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2752044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5506037000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72626.397679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70837.683398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71721.206200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.350433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   144.383645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   103.571879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   262.394909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.281999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.202289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.512490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121594                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277634000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20370776000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25685267000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94243                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1413140                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   187815                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              484118332                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000061                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025685                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25685267000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055701                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000061                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147120                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485967                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25685256                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25685256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170763                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397324                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397324                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607494                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262224                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679471                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081598                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846873                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012034                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567788     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66834      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51345      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964964                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411149                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411149                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4336586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4336586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4336586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4336586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57961.800636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57961.800636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57961.800636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57961.800636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4186950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4186950000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4186950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4186950000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55961.800636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55961.800636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55961.800636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55961.800636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4336586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4336586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57961.800636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57961.800636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4186950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4186950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55961.800636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55961.800636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.905011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.853893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.905011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560785                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       237289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       237289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 237289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      8736896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      8736896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8736896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           279470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          548035750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3133376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         3316224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6449600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3133376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3133376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2287296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2287296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            48959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            51816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         35739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               35739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          121991179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          129109968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              251101147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     121991179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         121991179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        89050894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              89050894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        89050894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         121991179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         129109968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             340152041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     28265.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     48959.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     48761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001998092500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1643                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1643                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               236800                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               26627                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100775                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       35739                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100775                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     35739                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3055                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   7474                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               7177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               7784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              7914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             11136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1517244000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   488600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3349494000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15526.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34276.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     43619                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    19958                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  44.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100775                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 35739                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    97681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        62377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     129.224041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     98.194528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    140.769762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         38888     62.34%     62.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16237     26.03%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4142      6.64%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1244      1.99%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          646      1.04%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          287      0.46%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          145      0.23%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          181      0.29%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          607      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         62377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       59.468046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.424183                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      52.583482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             469     28.55%     28.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            532     32.38%     60.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            417     25.38%     86.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           157      9.56%     95.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           45      2.74%     98.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           13      0.79%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.12%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.06%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.06%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.06%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.12%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.185636                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.154480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.031295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               681     41.45%     41.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                44      2.68%     44.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               850     51.73%     95.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                68      4.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6254080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   195520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1807104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6449600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2287296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        243.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         70.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     251.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      89.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25685051000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      188149.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3133376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      3120704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1807104                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 121991178.834154218435                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 121497822.078314378858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 70355663.423705115914                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        35739                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1672772750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1676721250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 616477261500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34166.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32359.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17249426.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     50.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             223303500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             118684830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            353744160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            76822740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2027082720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9932110920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1499259840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14231008710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.053369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3805396250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    857480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21022390750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             222082560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             118035885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            343976640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            70569180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2027082720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10174700640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1294973760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14251421385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.848092                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3249831500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    857480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  21577955500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932914                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932914                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4437203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4437203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4484653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4484653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55547.664651                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55547.664651                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55631.883195                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55631.883195                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4277443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4277443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4323429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4323429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53547.689688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53547.689688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53631.908005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53631.908005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2694122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2694122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53052.695837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53052.695837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2592558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2592558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51052.695837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51052.695837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1743081000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1743081000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59901.749201                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59901.749201                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1684885000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1684885000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57901.817932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57901.817932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47450000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     47450000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64822.404372                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64822.404372                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45986000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45986000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62822.404372                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62822.404372                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.430934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006683                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.430934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094139                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094139                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3653459000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3740946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7394405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3653459000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3740946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7394405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74622.827264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72195.341297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73374.662618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74622.827264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72195.341297                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73374.662618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3555541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3637314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7192855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3555541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3637314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7192855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72622.827264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70195.379895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71374.682464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72622.827264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70195.379895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71374.682464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123542                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3653459000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3740946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7394405000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74622.827264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72195.341297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73374.662618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3555541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3637314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7192855000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72622.827264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70195.379895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71374.682464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.691742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.529948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.237357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.924437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.264707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155431                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367766000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25685267000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                30556963000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100712                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1427372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199861                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              512901872                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000029                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.030557                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 30556963000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315098                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000029                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320748                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829166                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         30556952                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   30556952                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884176                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263444                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615739                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533930                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370608                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319016                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341239                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177012     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67368      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51547      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726977                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726977                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102189                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102189                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5244017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5244017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51316.844279                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51316.844279                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51316.844279                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51316.844279                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5039639000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5039639000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5039639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5039639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49316.844279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49316.844279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49316.844279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49316.844279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101933                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5244017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5244017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51316.844279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51316.844279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5039639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5039639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49316.844279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49316.844279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.239015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.985687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.239015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931355                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931355                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              116850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             116850                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        41640                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       275340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       275340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 275340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10143360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           325050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          634921500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3597312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         3881088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             7478400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3597312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3597312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2664960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2664960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            56208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            60642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               116850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         41640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               41640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          117724788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          127011575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              244736363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     117724788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         117724788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        87212856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              87212856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        87212856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         117724788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         127011575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             331949219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     33921.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     56208.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     57516.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004034060500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1964                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1964                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               275899                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               31967                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       116850                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       41640                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     116850                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     41640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3126                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   7719                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               7694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              11474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              10582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             11853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             11495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               3293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1717227250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   568620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3849552250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15099.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33849.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     52913                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    24885                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  46.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 116850                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 41640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   113685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        69816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     135.316145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    100.563863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    155.982582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         42088     60.28%     60.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        19445     27.85%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4455      6.38%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1314      1.88%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          693      0.99%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          323      0.46%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          169      0.24%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          323      0.46%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1006      1.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         69816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       55.769857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.396441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     105.937515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           1955     99.54%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.10%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.20%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.259165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.229371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               739     37.63%     37.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                45      2.29%     39.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1112     56.62%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                68      3.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 7278336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   200064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2169408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  7478400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2664960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        238.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         71.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     244.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      87.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    30556641000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      192798.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3597312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      3681024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2169408                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 117724788.291297137737                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 120464327.557683005929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 70995537.089206144214                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        41640                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1941041500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1908510750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 690675048750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34533.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31471.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  16586816.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             262287900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             139394145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            430442040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            92326140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2411847360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       11669959410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1906539840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         16912796835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.484220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4848951750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1020240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  24687771250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             236248320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             125557575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            381547320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            84616200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2411847360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11822472030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1778108160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16840396965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         551.114879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4490759500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1020240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25045963500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252817                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252817                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5084452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5084452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5131902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5131902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57003.778239                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57003.778239                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57067.421353                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57067.421353                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4906064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4906064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4952050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4952050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55003.800661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55003.800661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55067.443593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55067.443593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2976935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2976935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54403.051901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54403.051901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2867497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2867497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52403.088450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52403.088450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2107517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2107517000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61131.747643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61131.747643                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2038567000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2038567000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59131.747643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59131.747643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     47450000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     47450000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64822.404372                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64822.404372                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45986000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45986000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62822.404372                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62822.404372                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.521661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.521661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432670                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4215420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4327911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   8543331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4215420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4327911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   8543331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74996.797609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71367.033293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73113.032837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74996.797609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71367.033293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73113.032837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4103004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4206627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8309631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4103004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4206627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8309631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72996.797609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69367.066273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71113.049953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72996.797609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69367.066273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71113.049953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140553                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4215420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4327911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8543331000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74996.797609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71367.033293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73113.032837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4103004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4206627000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8309631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72996.797609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69367.066273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71113.049953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.900317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   125.823977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.941794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   272.134546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.245750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.220589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.531513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381463                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381463                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192116                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192115                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6540096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433526000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  30556963000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35687864000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101934                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1434284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   200347                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    68.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              519677801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035688                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35687864000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536926                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130861                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35687864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35687864                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433551                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555845                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161275                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611167                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263444                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275372                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462032                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994836                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864803                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535195                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130762                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701243     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67368      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034544      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51547      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758666                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137263                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137263                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6383341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6383341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6383341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6383341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46504.454951                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46504.454951                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46504.454951                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46504.454951                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6108815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6108815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6108815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6108815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44504.454951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44504.454951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44504.454951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44504.454951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137007                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6383341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6383341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46504.454951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46504.454951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   6108815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6108815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44504.454951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44504.454951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.492194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.663974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.492194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287760                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287760                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              135008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             135008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        44902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       314918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       314918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 314918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     11514240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     11514240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11514240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           359518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          733120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4185280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         4455232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             8640512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4185280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4185280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2873728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2873728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            65395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            69613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               135008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         44902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               44902                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          117274601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          124838853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              242113453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     117274601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         117274601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        80523956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              80523956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        80523956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         117274601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         124838853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             322637410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     34740.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     65395.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     66369.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013767992750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          2011                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          2011                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               316540                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               32733                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       135008                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       44902                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     135008                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     44902                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                  10162                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               8637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              11674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             16998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             11645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               2138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               2055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               2215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               2429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               3366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              2081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1959785750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   658820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4430360750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14873.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33623.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     62746                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    25419                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 135008                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 44902                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   131725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    2017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    2014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    2058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    2027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    2034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    2012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    2011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        78309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     136.055064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.718858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    153.904383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         46165     58.95%     58.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22539     28.78%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5464      6.98%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1437      1.84%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          738      0.94%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          349      0.45%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          176      0.22%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          334      0.43%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1107      1.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         78309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       65.426653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      42.123642                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     295.526648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           2000     99.45%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            8      0.40%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.05%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           2011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.260070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.230355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.005701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               755     37.54%     37.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                46      2.29%     39.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1142     56.79%     96.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                68      3.38%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           2011                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8432896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   207616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  2221440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  8640512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2873728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        236.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         62.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     242.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      80.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35664451000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      198234.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4185280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      4247616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      2221440                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 117274600.687785625458                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 119021300.910584062338                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 62246370.362765334547                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        44902                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   2265096750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2165264000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 853434963750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34637.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31104.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  19006613.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             302093400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             160566450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            502713120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            93500640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2816895120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       13481356140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2351419200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         19708544070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         552.247791                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5990347500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1191580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  28505936500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             257032860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             136616205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            438081840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            87685560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2816895120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       13945480920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1960577280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19642369785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         550.393540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4946597250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1191580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  29549686750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564382                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564382                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5663705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5663705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5866132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5866132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57004.730512                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57004.730512                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56909.089145                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56909.089145                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5464995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5464995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5659974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5659974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55004.730512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55004.730512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54909.089145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54909.089145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3510377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3510377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54941.495939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54941.495939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3382591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3382591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52941.495939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52941.495939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095111                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2153328000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2153328000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130573                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60722.125092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60722.125092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2082404000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2082404000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58722.125092                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58722.125092                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202427000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    202427000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54357.411386                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54357.411386                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194979000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194979000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52357.411386                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52357.411386                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.590432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.590432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770540                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4911300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4945409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9856709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4911300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4945409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9856709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75102.072024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71041.457774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73008.332840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75102.072024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71041.457774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73008.332840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135008                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4780510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4806183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9586693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4780510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4806183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9586693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73102.072024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69041.457774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71008.332840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73102.072024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69041.457774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71008.332840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161843                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4911300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4945409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9856709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75102.072024                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71041.457774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73008.332840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4780510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4806183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9586693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73102.072024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69041.457774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71008.332840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.058420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.871061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   130.230011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   256.957349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.241936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.254355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.501870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          354                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454956                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532943                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35687864000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
